And behold, a Daemon Lord comes in the
full panoply of battle. At his passing, the
trees gibber their rage and the stones shout
their hate to the uncaring sky. He hunts the
enemies of his Master, for his meat is
mortal flesh and his wine mortal souls.

At his left hand moans a Daemon, bound in
the shape of an axe. Its songs of blood and
hatred echo forth, and fill the sky with a
moaning that stirs the dead. At his right
hand stand Lesser Daemons, huntsmen all,
straining at the leashes of the Hounds.
They chomp upon the shades and spirits
they have harried, throwing morsels of
innocence to each other, so that all may
sample the sweetest meat.

Behind him wait the Legions of his Master,
arrayed in armour fluted and chased with
gold, brighter than the sun and darker than
midnight. Each holds a shrieking sword,
each shrieks in disharmony with his blade,
each joins the chorus of Chaos, a promise
of worse than death for those that hear it.
Beneath their feet the earth writhes at
their touch, as if seeking to escape
their presence.

Behold, a Daemon Lord comes, and we
are doomed…

                           - Codex Daemonica
%
And it is said that even the deaths of ten thousand men cannot move these Dark Lords to pity. And that they play with mortal lives as a child
plays with its baubles - tiring of them easily and throwing them aside for new pleasures. But unlike the playthings of infancy, mortal pawns
can bleed, and feel pain, and die beneath the uncaring gaze of their masters.

And it is said that even when two mighty Legions of the Chosen meet in battle, the Powers of Chaos cannot stay their meddling hands. As
Daemon faces Daemon, Champion faces Champion, and the very lands quake with fear, the great Powers pass down rituals to bind their cohorts.
As if skilful advocates in a royal court, the Dark Lords argue the slightest points, the most obscure procedures, the least significant of details,
vying one with another for slim advantage.

And sometimes the ritual is of great import: “You shall not use the Dark Magicks nor speak the Words of Power” perhaps, or “No Weapon.
Iron or Steel shall you use, nor any Wooden Shaft, but only the natural Claws and long Fangs that we have given.” And sometimes the ritual
is petty and beneath contempt, as: ‘No Blue shall be worn, nor shall the Mauves and Purples be seen upon this field.”  And sometimes the
ritual is such as to make no sense to the limited mind of mortals: “There shall be no Killing, nor shall any Blood be spilt.” But in the immeasurable
minds of the Dark Lords there is purpose that cannot be guessed and schemes unfathomable.

And the ritual shall be agreed, and it shall be binding, even unto the least creature, even unto the greatest. When once the Dark Powers have
spoken there is no Daemon that can gainsay their Word. And the battle shall begin…
%
And to tell of his Beast:
the like of it has never been
seen. He came upon a
mighty steed of groaning
iron and brazen steel, a
thing of living metal that
stood taller than a man and
roared with all the furies of
a thousand dead. He sat
securely proud in a deep
saddle that grew out the
very back of this accursed
Beast, its high posts
framing a massive head,
part hound, part bull, part
the incarnate soul of bloody
hate. As it came toward us
we saw its thousand close-
riveted plates, forged in
dark fires and bound with
runes. Its breath was fear
and its every step a
thundering knell of doom.
As it bared its brazen, gore-
speckled fangs, we lost all
heart and turned, fleeing to
the safety of the night and
terrors still unseen.
%
As he took up the blade,
a despairing groan was
torn from deep inside
and anguish masked his
features. A single tear
fell and turned to ice
upon the gleaming steel.
The moment passed and
he straightened, thrusting
high the sword as if to
pierce the vaulted skies
above. And with his
scream of triumph he
was enslaved.
%
