%
And behold, a Daemon Lord comes in the
full panoply of battle. At his passing, the
trees gibber their rage and the stones shout
their hate to the uncaring sky. He hunts the
enemies of his Master, for his meat is
mortal flesh and his wine mortal souls.

At his left hand moans a Daemon, bound in
the shape of an axe. Its songs of blood and
hatred echo forth, and fill the sky with a
moaning that stirs the dead. At his right
hand stand Lesser Daemons, huntsmen all,
straining at the leashes of the Hounds.
They chomp upon the shades and spirits
they have harried, throwing morsels of
innocence to each other, so that all may
sample the sweetest meat.

Behind him wait the Legions of his Master,
arrayed in armour fluted and chased with
gold, brighter than the sun and darker than
midnight. Each holds a shrieking sword,
each shrieks in disharmony with his blade,
each joins the chorus of Chaos, a promise
of worse than death for those that hear it.
Beneath their feet the earth writhes at
their touch, as if seeking to escape
their presence.

Behold, a Daemon Lord comes, and we
are doomed…

                           - Codex Daemonica
%
And it is said that even the deaths of ten thousand men cannot move these Dark Lords to pity. And that they play with mortal lives as a child
plays with its baubles - tiring of them easily and throwing them aside for new pleasures. But unlike the playthings of infancy, mortal pawns
can bleed, and feel pain, and die beneath the uncaring gaze of their masters.

And it is said that even when two mighty Legions of the Chosen meet in battle, the Powers of Chaos cannot stay their meddling hands. As
Daemon faces Daemon, Champion faces Champion, and the very lands quake with fear, the great Powers pass down rituals to bind their cohorts.
As if skilful advocates in a royal court, the Dark Lords argue the slightest points, the most obscure procedures, the least significant of details,
vying one with another for slim advantage.

And sometimes the ritual is of great import: “You shall not use the Dark Magicks nor speak the Words of Power” perhaps, or “No Weapon.
Iron or Steel shall you use, nor any Wooden Shaft, but only the natural Claws and long Fangs that we have given.” And sometimes the ritual
is petty and beneath contempt, as: ‘No Blue shall be worn, nor shall the Mauves and Purples be seen upon this field.”  And sometimes the
ritual is such as to make no sense to the limited mind of mortals: “There shall be no Killing, nor shall any Blood be spilt.” But in the immeasurable
minds of the Dark Lords there is purpose that cannot be guessed and schemes unfathomable.

And the ritual shall be agreed, and it shall be binding, even unto the least creature, even unto the greatest. When once the Dark Powers have
spoken there is no Daemon that can gainsay their Word. And the battle shall begin…
%
And to tell of his Beast:
the like of it has never been
seen. He came upon a
mighty steed of groaning
iron and brazen steel, a
thing of living metal that
stood taller than a man and
roared with all the furies of
a thousand dead. He sat
securely proud in a deep
saddle that grew out the
very back of this accursed
Beast, its high posts
framing a massive head,
part hound, part bull, part
the incarnate soul of bloody
hate. As it came toward us
we saw its thousand close-
riveted plates, forged in
dark fires and bound with
runes. Its breath was fear
and its every step a
thundering knell of doom.
As it bared its brazen, gore-
speckled fangs, we lost all
heart and turned, fleeing to
the safety of the night and
terrors still unseen.
%
As he took up the blade,
a despairing groan was
torn from deep inside
and anguish masked his
features. A single tear
fell and turned to ice
upon the gleaming steel.
The moment passed and
he straightened, thrusting
high the sword as if to
pierce the vaulted skies
above. And with his
scream of triumph he
was enslaved.
%
‘For seventeen long
centuries have I remained in
this blade, confined within
these metal walls. During all
of my imprisonment you are
the first I have seen who is 
worthy to bear me into
battle. Come, take my hilt,
and I will serve you in the
manner of my kind,
drawing blood of your
enemies, protecting you in
the midst of the fight,
bringing you safe home
again. Now draw me from
the scabbard and test the
fineness of my balance. See
how easily I swing, how my
keen edge cleaves the air. A
good choice, am I not?

‘Willingly you picked me
up. Your first mistake.
Willingly you drew me. Your
second mistake. I do not
allow my servants to make
three mistakes, foolish
mortal…’
%
Hear me, for I speak with the
wisdom of long study and the
knowledge of the hidden ages. It
has been said by some I see before
me that the Daemon can be
vanquished and overcome with the
power of our sorceries. Can you
belive it? Can you believe that
your puling, petty magics will
throw down this thing of Night,
this lordly servant of dread Chaos?
It is the fond foolish hope of babes
and dribbling ancients that their
weak cries can rule the world and
stand against cold-hearted Truth.
And there is no truth so cold nor
so dark as the true blade with
which the Daemon reasons.

Hear me, for I am not blinded by
the vanity of selfish eyes. Hear me,
and I shall tell of how the
Daemon is to be undone and cast
into the Void…
%
“I shall tell you of the Singular Histories and Lamentable Fates of the brothers von Gottlieb…
Look into the fire, gentles, for my words can paint pictures in the flames. Look deep, and
drift slowly on the heat…”

The old man closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair. His voice was soft and warm
in the candlelit gloom.

“Lothar and Johann von Gottlieb. Regard them, in their fine silks and soft leathers. They
crave power, glory, success and all that accompanies such - much as do other men. They
are ambitious, and in this they match their father, but of him I will speak no further; the
old Baron is not yet in his grave.

“Darkness in their hearts. They have listened, watched and learned, understanding little,
Slaanesh has promised Lothar pleasures beyond pleasure. Khorne has offered nothing,
but Johann demands nothing. He has already killed, and found it to his taste. See, now
the two hate each other! Brotherly love often turns to the deepest hate.

“And their hate drove them from home, into the bosom of the Chaos Powers. Did Johann
chase Lothar, seeking his blood? Or did he run from the decadent pleasures Lothar
sought in his company? It matters not. Each chose the steep and slippery path of Chaos,
hatred the first handhold, the loathing of a brother the first step. Now begins the scramble!
‘Such a short, easy climb,’ croons Slaanesh. ‘A true warrior has no fear,’ bellows Khorne!

“Their climb can end in but one of the two ways: the triumphant shriek, voiced from the throat
of a newly-birthed Daemon, or the gibbering of a once-man, a Chaos Spawn, wallowing
in the stench of its own failure, condemned by Fate and abandoned by Mercy. Which
fate is worse? Ah, now there is a question…”
%
In what can pleasure be found?
Why, anything! Let your
imagination run unbound by
petty convention. Revel in the
acts brought by your knowledge
of Slaanesh. Even in the
sternest discipline of arms there
is satisfaction. So are the Lord
of Pleasure’s armies brought to
the field, willing and ready for
the fray.

                - The Hidden Tome
                      of Slaanesh
%
‘It’s nothing like me! You promised me
that it would be an excellent likeness.
Two hundred you’ve had and for this…
this… ordure.’ Von Gottschalk was
furious. He prodded the offending
bronze statue with his walking stick.

The artist wiped the mark from
the statue’s foot with a soft cloth.
He sighed.

‘The two hundred barely covered my
materials, my lord. The portrait is
exact, taken from the cartoons I
prepared last month. The posture is
yours, the demeanour military and
noble, the size as specified, no more
than two feet. You saw and approved
the waxes.’

‘It is rubbish. And now I suppose
you’ll want your final three hundred,
eh? Well, damn you. I won’t pay.’

The artist said nothing as von
Gottschalk left. He stood by the
window and watched the pompous fool
stride down the street. ‘Be careful who
you damn, fool.’

By midnight, all was finished. The
chalk markings on the artist’s work
table had been the hardest job, so
precise, and to all to be drawn from
memory. But now von Gottschalk’s
statue stood in the middle of the largest
chalk circle. Even the girl he had
chosen from the street below was ready
to do her part. Gold had cured her
reluctance. The artist picked up a
mallet, testing its balance and weight.
Perfect. He began to whisper softly.
The room grew warm.

The girl stepped forward, and ran a
finger down the statue. She caressed
it, stroked it, traced its contours and
shapes. Her fingers left faint lines of
sweat and grease on the bronze.
The artist’s whisper had become a
soft chant.

Von Gottschalk stirred from his
dreams. A piece of cheese, or too much
of that Tilean wine, no doubt. He
rolled over.

The artist’s eyeballs were rolled back.
His breath was a hoarse rasp, a single
word, endlessly repeated. The mallet
was raised above his head.

‘Slaanesh! Slaanesh! Slaanesh!
Slaanesh! Slaanesh!…’

The girl turned and shrieked. The
mallet came down with all the artist’s
strength. The statue toppled slowly,
as if held up by an unseen hand. Its
head was cracked, and and as it landed,
the face fell off.

In his bed, von Gottschalk fell silent.
%
“Johann had no diversions. Thought was driven from his min in a welter of gore and
destruction, a curse of weaklings and the disloyal. His path was sure and his climb awash
with the blood of those he had slain in Khorne’s name. He had scaled the heights of devotion
to the Blood God, and yet his journey was not over. In his still-mortal hand he clutched
a Daemon Blade, a creature of darkness forged anew and given terrible shape with a keen,
bloody-hungry edge. Its clawed hilts and pommel grasped at Johann’s loyalty and held it steady.

“Armed and armoured in Khorne’s colours and in a fashion pleasing to himself, it had
been a long time since Johann could have passed as an ordinary man. And yet, through
Khorne’s power he could appear as mundane as any normal man. His appearance itself
could deceive and trick, sowing uncertainty amongst his enemies. In that moment of doubt,
Johann could throw aside his mask - much as a mummer at the end of a play - and, in
the instant of doubt, strike.”

The old man paused, and stared into the fire for a moment. His listeners, their own drinks
forgotten, watched as he filled his wine glass and sipped with surprising delicacy.

“Doubt breeds further doubts, and Lothar’s uncertainty was indeed prolific. His thoughts
weighed him down, or perhaps it was the further pain of his latest transformation. Lothar’s
eyes, as cunning as his tongue at weakening the resolve of his sometimes willing victims,
were merging into a massive and singular orb. Possibly Lothar’s alteration was a punishment
from Slaanesh, for a neglected lover is vengeful indeed.

“Lothar paused in his climb to power, and discovered anew that an upward path often has
no safe downward course. Trapped and helpless, doomed to climb further and yet lacking
the daring and courage to take the final steps, Lothar slipped. He hung to his sanity, or
at least such of it as remained, by his fingertips…
%
“Johann von Gottlieb. Murderer, hater, willing servant of Khorne. His bloody road
led him deeper into Chaos. He was unwise when he first killed, and with each killing
his folly grew. Each death marked him as Khorne’s own, each drop of blood raised
him in Khorne’s sigth. But it was his last killing as a true man that marked him out:
Johann slaughtered one of Khorne’s Champions.

“In that moment he bellowed his victory to the sky. The Champion’s blood was for
Khorne. The Champion’s armour, a suit of darkest metal, forged in some far smithy
of Chaos, was for Johann. In that moment, Johann’s handhold was firm, his reach
was long enough for the climb ahead. And in that moment, the darkness within burst
free, and Johann was marked as the Blood God’s servant. Two terrible curved horns,
like those of a ram, sprouted from his forehead.

“And what of the other Gottlieb? There are many roads to Chaos, and Lothar
galloped down his chosen path. Nothing was beyond him. No creature, man, woman
or child, living or dead, was safe from his depravity. His behaviour would have shamed
a Bretonnian.”

At the back of the room a young woman sniggered and leaned forward in her chair.
The old man sipped his wine and held up a finger. Questions died on the girl’s lips.

“I will say no more of that. But, young lady, you also wish to know whether Lothar
was marked by Chaos. You want to know whether you could see the mark… as if that
proved his guilt. Lothar was tainted from the moment he began his climb towards the
power and pleasure of Slaanesh!

“His loyalty was hidden from casual eyes. It was his hands, my dear, his hands. Fools
wondered why Lothar always wore gloves, and pitied his rheumatic fingers. The creature
within had shown itself, and Lothar’s long, clever fingers had become bestial claws.
The first mark of Slaanesh was made, and Lothar bore it with quiet and
misguided pride…
%
“Johann’s face matched his nature perfectly. He had become a hunter of men, but he
was, in deed and thought, no longer a true man. Only the outer shell remained, for
within he was Khorne’s creature.

“Blood and slaughter had gained the Blood God’s favour for Johann, and further blood
kept Khorne’s approval. And as Johann grew in power and climbed still higher, his position
among Khorne’s chosen was distinguished in new ways. The higher Johann climbed
in power, the mightier his reach and the more savage his behaviour became. Ever and
anon, the weakest of his warband hesitated at his callousness and were counted among
the dead for their squeamishness.

“And his triumphant progress continued, Johann lost the vestiges of his human form.
No more could he be seen as a man - an extra pair of arms sprang from his shoulders!
His unearthly armour, forged from the stuff of Chaos, writhed and changed of its own
accord to match his new frame, and in doing so became more intricate and elaborate.

“The other von Gottlieb had achieved much. In a secret ritual Lothar had, for his devotion
to Slaanesh, been granted armour of his own. It was fashioned from pale leathers, perhaps
the magical skins of Chaos creatures, but its appearance was deceptive. It formally marked
him as one of Slaanesh’s chosen Champions, a despoiler and taker of pleasure.

“His status was equal to that of Johann, his brother and hated enemy, though hatred
had become almost-forgotten baggage from his past. He did not think often of the past,
for remembrance of what he had been brought realisation of what he had become. For
by no means all the infections of Slaanesh are taints of the spirit. Lothar’s flesh was
prey to the warpings and mutations of his calling. And as his chosen Chaos Power
rewarded him, his condition preyed upon his thoughts, diverting Lothar from the pleasures
to hand…”
%
“Khorne’s faithful servant screamed the news of his victory to his master. Johann,
once a man, was born anew in Daemon flesh.

“Vulnerable mortality, which had been his rightful inheritance, was cast aside. He
was a servant of Khorne in all ways and truly an immortal creature of Chaos. He
was filled with a Daemon’s cunning and thirst for blood, a craving that has no mortal
equal.

“Johann had ascended the pinnacle of darkness, and all his wildest dreams were within
his grasp. Deathless, an eternity of blood and death stretched before him…

“An eternity had, in turn, cast aside Lothar von Gottlieb, also once a man. Pains
and pleasures of which he had never dreamed were now his for the taking. The pleasure
of warm flesh, torn from its owner, and the pain of howling, filled with loss, at an
indifferent sky.

“Lothar and Johann von Gottlieb. Regard them, in their fates. They craved power,
glory, success and all that accompanies such - much as do other men. They were
ambitious, and in this they matched their father. The way that they satisfied those
ambitions is open for any who dare take it. You perhaps…”

The old man looked at his audience. The young woman at the back shuffled her feet
and stared at the floor.

“So my tale is complete.”

The old man swilled the last of his wine round his glass. It was a deep, dark red in
the light from the fire.

“And how, you may ask, do I know so much of Lothar and Johann von Gottlieb? Think
of this: Lothar; the decadent and depraved fool, runs with the Spawn. And I? I tell
tales to the unwary…”
%
LEGIONS OF KHORNE

Excellence in battle is the highest form of worship for all of Khorne’s followers.
To fight in one of his Daemonic Legions is an honour to which all his servants
aspire. Those rewarded by this privilege treat the occasion with the utmost gravity.
Death is a serious business, and death in a Legion doubly so, for are not the eyes
of Khorne always upon his most trusted servants? That Slaaneshi followers should
treat warfare, the most sincere form of Khorne-worship, as just another pleasurable experience
is infuriating. Battle in all its forms is a sacred ritual to Khorne’s servants. Before each battle a
ritual dedicates the blood of the slain, enemies and friends alike, to the Blood God.
%
LEGIONS OF SLAANESH

Slaanesh and his servants indulge in war; it is yet another pleasure to be sampled,
not a serious business or a test of strength. War is simply a game, part of the greater
ritual, and Slaanesh is always the first to insist upon elaborate conditions and rituals
before the Legions give battle.

The followers of Slaanesh seek gratification of the senses in all things. Battle is
merely another method of finding a new warped pleasure. For Slaanesh’s servants the thrills of
battle are there to be joyfully experienced and repeated. Slaaneshi Daemons and mortal warriors
take a delight in causing pain and killing; their wanton slaughter is spurred on to greater heights
by they pleasure they find in bloodshed.
%
“Lothar’s thoughts, so full of pleasure and pain, ravaged by plague and doubt, finally
mastered him. He fell from his state of disgrace and plunged into the abyss of the used
and discarded.

“Stronger men than he had dashed themselves to pieces in the service of Chaos and a weaker
creature would have ended its own existence rather than face Lothar’s fate with the Chaos
Spawn. Yet Lothar had a strength of his own: as he fell, his purpose in following Slaanesh
was reborn, and in his changed nature loyalty flowered again like a rank weed. Even as
he was changed into a monstrous creature, Lothar shrieked eternal allegiance to his dark lord.

“Lothar’s frame was tormented and warped into an inhuman form by his new position
in Slaanesh’s hierarchy. He had been a Champion, a Daemon awaiting birth, now he was
condemned to a horrible, mindless existence. A wattled crest grew upon his head; his cyclopean
eye became stalked; tentacles, tipped with cruel claws, sprang from his shoulders; his torso
swelled to enormous size, pendulous and repulsive, and two extra legs grew from his
hips, as hairy and twisted as those of a goat.

“His fall from humanity was complete.

“As Lothar’s fall was ending so, too, was Johann’s climb.

“The other von Gottlieb had also been twisted further by Chaos, and a tail, tipped by a
snapping, human face, waved at his back. Yet such a minor mark was of little consequence
to Johann. The last handhold was taken, the last scramble made, the last victims were
slaughtered by the mortal Johann. He had kept his bloody faith with Khorne and earned
his final reward.

“Johann had reached the summit of his bloody ambition. He was no longer Khorne’s
Champion…”
%
“Many are they who debauch themselves in the name of Slaanesh, and Lothar fell
in with one such sect. He rose rapidly in their councils, for his mind was apt to their
purposes. He was inventive and quick-witted, and he amused his friends with the
originality and vitality of his contributions to their ‘cause’.

“As Lothar climbed in secret stature his loyalty became obvious to even the most casual
observer. No longer were his hands his only mark. He bore the new stigmata in an
horrific fashion. His tongue had been persuasive. a seductive lure to the unwary whom
he used for his pleasure and cast aside. His tongue remained a snare, but no normal
man had such a twisting thing within his jaws. The lash of his tongue became
dangerous indeed!

“Lothar fled, the Witch-hunters at his heels, until he reached the Chaos Wastes. Already
a champion in the cause of Slaanesh, he turned and killed his pursuers and cursed
forever the lands of his birth. Free to wander and despoil, he embraced Slaanesh with
renewed vigour.”

The fire ruptured and flared as its resinous wood burned and popped. Horned and
winged shadows danced behind the old man as he continued the tale.

“Johann’s way was ever upwards in the favour of Khorne. His ruthless course was
marked in blood and skulls; blood for his god, and skulls piled high on the battlefields
and harsh meadows of Chaos. Death had no rest with Johann’s work!

“As thought and reason slipped away from him, Johann burned with hate for all
those too weak to take the warrior’s path. It gnawed at his heart, and found expression
in the changes that time wrought on the once-man. There had been a young Johann,
proud of his looks; now there was Johann the Beast. His face had been handsome;
now it was the snarling muzzle of a hunting dog…
%
Servants of Khorne…

Stood from horizon to horizon, filling the air with their shrieks, gibbers and howls
of blood. Their battle banner strained in the coppery wind that blew across their
ranks. It was a banner of deepest, darkest red, with but a single rune and a legend
of simple devotion: Blood for the Blood God. At some secret signal all fell silent,
and then came a single shriek of dark and bloody loyalty, a pact of hate and death.
It echoed from leathered skins, and grew to shake the clouds. And far above the Daemon’s ranks,
there was an answering roar of approval, torn from Khorne’s brazen throat.
                                                                            - The Tome of Blood
%
Servants of Slaanesh…

…by their incantations, conjurations and accursed crafts have seduced, depraved
and corrupted both Man and Beast, bringing them low in the sight of others.
Numberless are their enormities and horrid offences; heinous and wicked their
every action. Revelling in perversity and debasement, twisted in mind and body,
these insidious servitors of the Pleasure Lord take delight in all manner of
abominable and unclean deeds. The Slaaneshi spread the depravity of Chaos to the unwary and
uncaring with heretical crimes and disobediences that cry out against nature and the true order
of the world.

Amassed on the field of battle, the electric colours of their contorted forms offend the eye as their
diseased lewdness offends the mind. Half-bared torsos of pink and blue boast of unreined lust;
others display limbs of glistening greens and yellows - pale shades of corruption which belle the
darkness they hide inside. They have abandoned the last vestige of true decency and sacrificed
their Humanity to serve the Dark Power of the Master of Carnal Joys and spread his corruption
among the innocent…
%
Slaanesh’s servants
were clad only in the
finest silks and
unblemished leathers
of the softest skin.
Their shrieks of release
at the kiss of the
sword’s edge were
hideous and foul.
Their painted lips
matched the wet-lipped,
crimson grins the blade
brought in its passing.
When battling against
such perversity,
even the savagery
of Daemons counts
for little.
%
Stand forth, Servant. The
Sword you carry has been
smelted in the heat of your
anger, forged upon your
desire, tempered in your hate,
quenched in your soul,
polished with your loyalty,
furnished with your bones
and skin, tested in your hand,
and borne i my name. You
Slave, are mine, as much as
the Blade…
%
The Bastion Stair

… I fell then, through charnel clouds and red mists that swirled
about a land of dark ruin and much despair. The cries of some
enormous beasts, their lowings of fear and desperation, reached
my ears. And still I fell, driven now by fetid winds, towards a wall
or cliff of deepest red and blackened iron. Its top was hidden in
the clouds far above, its base was girt with boulders and skulls,
no larger in my sight than sand specks, that it piled before its
inexorable advance. The wall, for such it was, lay unbroken in
its awful perfection from horizon to horizon.

I grew afraid, for this was the Outer Realm of Khorne, the Blood
God, and this wall his Bastion, the Fortress about the Inner Lands.
It now seemed to me that the stench of Death broke my fall as
I flew onwards, towards fresh visions of this vast corner of Chaos.

And then ahead I saw a Stair, surrounded by pinnacles and
columns and arches of blood and carven bone, circled by Daemons
bound within black iron, brazen steps and hideous shrieking
mouths. All that could speak or gibber vomited forth the praises
of Khorne and shrieked out songs of Blood and Death. The Stair,
its treads never built for mortal feet, climbed the dizzy heights,
pausing at times before profane runes and stained sacrifice stones.
Within the very fabric of the Daemon-thronged Bastion were
smaller landings, each of which could have held a lofty and noble
palace of our small World. The Stair twisted and rippled on itself,
its Daemons chuckling their insane glee at its dreadful geometry.
Still it climbed, ever upwards into the clouds of gore that circled
overhead.

In all my vision, I saw not one living beast or man.

Through brazen gates and up endless steps I flew, my soul in dread
as Daemons snapped about my heels. And before my eyes, as I
rose from that place, I beheld the Fields and Meadows of Khorne
beyond the Bastion, all quite soaked in red, stained with souls,
and planted with endless lines of corpses lashed to their stakes
like a grotesquery of bean plants. A thousand thousand Daemons
cavorted with their dead and deathless buds, which were watered
by gore-filled aquaducts and ditches. The Daemons marched and
countermarched about their charges, stopping here to water the
unprecious fruits, and there to dung upon them. And the air was
filled with the taste of blood, the stench of the slaughterhouse,
the noise of blood let from countless unready throats and all about
was red beneath the brass sky of that Inner Realm…

         - Liber Malefic, The Book of Hated Khorne, Marius Hollseher
%
The black-headed axe
was mounted on a haft
of bone, smoothed to a
dull polish by the grip
of countless calloused
hands. Struck deep
into the dark-metalled
blade was a single rune,
an unforgiving skull
that held the eye
with a baleful glare.
The grim weapon lifted,
fell and reared up once
more, bloody, dripping
gore. And a fleeting,
hungry grin seemed
to pass across the
deep-etched skull.
%
The bliss of the knife’s edge,
the crimson flash of triumph,
the relief of life,
the hallowed scream of victory:
all are the pain-that-is-pleasing.
All speak of loyalty to Slaanesh,
the Lord and darkling
master of our Company.
%
The Drifting Castle

The sky above grew darker than the blackest storm and a cold
wind blew. There was no rain but a shower of mortar dust, yellowed
leaves and tatters of flags.

No storm was in the sky, but a castle much as might be found
in any mortal land. Often had I imagined clouds to be trees and
fish and mountains, and now a foible of some nameless and
uncaring power had given this fortress the guise of a cloud. It
was an island torn from the land, drifting as the mist on a breeze,
yet solid and firm. In all that I had seen, this was as strange as
any of my visions.

The castle was an empty as any ruin. Like an animal stuffed and
mounted under glass, or a fish salted in a barrel, it had been
preserved and pickled by the whim of Chaos. Cast aside, and left
to wander across the heavens, all was still and desolate in that
place. Its towers no longer knew the sounds of men, its halls held
no lofty nobles, its gates admitted no tenantry, no sentinel stood
guard, no porter waited by the gate. Even the carrion birds, sole
visitors to its sad portals, had enjoyed their fill of the
dwellers’ hospitality.

The shadow of the castle fell across my eyes, and I could see
no more.

      - Liber Malefic, The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The Inevitable City

The City was built of dark madness, and it stretched across the
land to fill me with dread, for the path I trod would bring me
to its portal. The City stones had been quarried from the night
and in all their details and dressings they celebrated wickedness.
No rain could wash the dust of evil from that place and no wind
could drive out its corrupt air. Insanity had served as architect,
engineer and master to the City’s masons, had guided all
their levels and plumblines.

I turned my steps towards the far horizon, and still the City was
before me. Once more I turned, and again, and yet another
turning. With each freshly chosen course I drew nearer to the
City gates, and its towers and walls loomed higher. The fateful
gateway was the end of every road, and despair gnawed at my heart.

As I paused to seek a new escape, I saw that I was not alone on
the inevitable, hideous path. Between myself and the City stood
a man, his head bent and his eyes downcast, lost in some deep
contemplation. As I watched, he turned towards the City. His
strides were firm, but he came no closer to the gates until he
vanished in the distant mists.

Thus was it possible to avoid the City and its brooding darkness,
and I resolved to march, against all reason, to the City. And when
I did so, the City grew no closer, but was soon lost to my sight…

     - Liber Malefic, The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The Marcher Fortress

There, the lands of Slaanesh stretched out below it, was a Fortress
of whimsies and foibles. It was an unlovely thing, stained by war
and victory. Its towers, higher than any palace, wounded the sky.
Its gateways were gaping maws that could swallow and vomit forth
whole armies. Its walls were darkened stone, veined in unnatural
colours and streaked with rotted lime and mortar. Here, at the
Marches of Slaanesh, was the Fortress, a sign of sovereignty, hated
and condemned by Khorne’s bloody-handed worshippers.

Before the Fortress gates stretched a forest o death. From the
walls to the near horizon was the dismal wrack of battle: corpses,
the rusted swords and armour of the fallen, the standards of
Slaanesh and Khorne, all abandoned and forgotten long
centuries ago.

The graves of the fallen had become a rich loam, sucked upon
by the trees of a dark forest. Pierced by tree roots, the dead had
stirred once more, and each branch bore a skull, mildewed and
pregnant with loathing, a macabre and cruel cargo. Only the
ceaseless, horrendous laughter of the trapped shades disturbed
the field. Their fleshless jaws clattered in the still air; the only
reply the creaking of a windmill’s sails and the grinding of
its stones.

For in the shadow of the castle a windmill turned, its sails moving
in the still air, and their unclean breeze stirred the tattered flags
of the dead. Within, the grindstones shuddered and groaned, while
between, pinioned and crushed, were the living corpses of the
fallen, ground to make a rich mortar of blood and bone, sinew
and brains. Thus was the Fortress maintained and strengthened,
its walls held aloft and marked by the power of mortality. Thus
was the field before it harvested.

And in the castle’s mighty halls, its Daemon overlords feasted
and broke bread, in conscious parody of Man’s small amenities.
All this I saw in an instant, and then my vision was swept
onwards…

        - Liber Malefic. The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The sword of the Knight of
Chaos was placed upon the
anvil, and the smith rained
many mighty blows upon it,
and yet no mark did show
upon the blade. It was thrust
into the heart of the furnace,
and when it was brought
forth, the smith did not smite
the blade once more with all
the skill of his craft, now
upon the edge, and still no
mark did show upon the blade.
My scribe did chance to prick
himself upon his small knife,
and but a single drop of blood
fell on the anvil, onto the
cursed blade that lay there. At
this a great rune shone forth,
redder than the heart’s blood,
and darker than night. The
evil sword did pulse and sing
upon the anvil, and all fled in
fear of the dire thing.
%
The Tree of Souls

I walked across Khorne’s Meadows, beneath the brazen sky. All about were
fields of black flowers, each a shade trapped in death, each bloom a twisted
face, each leaf a tiny skull, each stem a spine of tiny bones. Crimson-flecked
flies sucked at the bloody nectar in the corrupt fields, and the air was filled
with a stench of despair. The blooms of death nodded at my passing and
whispered to one another. At my feet crimson worms and maggots gorged
themselves on the lifeblood of Khorne’s fallen. The distant shrieks of Daemons,
cavorting and dancing around their borders and gardens of blood, reached
my ears, blown across that dark meadow by a breeze made sweet with the smell
of rotting meat.

And then I came to the Tree of Damned Shades.

Living souls had hung upon its branches and living souls had been buried
among its roots long ago, in the winter of that bloody land. Twisted with pain
and self-loathing, warped with loyalty to Chaos, the shades, now condemned
for eternity and piteous in their grieving, gibbered regrets and fears and promises
of gratitude from every branch and twig, save one whose defiant eye I met.
I paused in the glare of that eye, and waited a while. The tree spoke in a voice
of creaking and tearing wood, as if a thousand axes struck at its heartwood.

“By my broken faith, and darkened promises, a mortal walks here. For all
those mortals who have tasted my fruits and drunk of my sweet blossoms, I
will taste his nectar, drink of his blood. For once my roots eat of his flesh,
he is mine, and what was his is mine. A body… A body… I will be free of
this confinement. My loyalty true and clear, I will slay in Khorne’s name. Blood
beyond measure will I give to him. Oh, to be free of this wooden frame, that
I could once more march to the beat of my heart…”

The tree lashed its branches about me, and I fled, for my fate lay not with
those trapped and hideous souls…

                        - Liber Malefic, The Book of Hated Khorne, Marius Hollseher
%
The Vale of Creatures

The Realm of Slaanesh was still and quiet, scented with sin and
sweet corruption. Its silence was not that of the grave, nor of ease
at labour’s end, nor of peace after the storm. It was the malicious,
plotting stillness of evil waiting to be done: the silence before a
moan or scream of pain and pleasure. And in that awful quiet
the small shrieks of Slaanesh’s Daemons were swallowed and
muted. Their endless masque and antimasque of forbidden
pleasures and hideous pains were reduced to soft murmurs of
decadence and depravity.

As I passed over the Outer Realm of Slaanesh, my eyes were
numbed by its pale softness and my ears by its endless quiet. I
began to believe that any act could be contemplated if only it would
provide variety and relief from the silence. I was saved from further
weakness by a vile noise, carried on the perfumed and sickly breeze.

Torn from the rocks and stones, there was a buzzing like a hundred
angry swarms of bees. Before my eyes land itself heaved and
pulsed, and spat forth mewling, puking and misshapen creatures.
Lumpen and hideous, the monsters twisted and writhed in pleasure
at their birthing, then turned upon one another in search of further
depravity. When one fell, exhausted from its unlovely exertions,
its fellows chortled and joked as its fate. The corpse sank slowly
into the earth of that foul vale, and a new beast was given form
from the clay.

As I witnessed the decadence of Slaanesh’s hand, I was seen by
the creatures. As those eyes beheld me, I turned and fled, the
fiends of Slaanesh’s Realm at my heels…

 - Liber Malefic, The Book of Contemptible Slaanesh, Marius Hollseher
%
Their baying chills the heart and spreads icy
tendrils of fear through weak mortal sols.
And yet worse, yet more terrible to behold, are
the huntsmen of this fell pack. Following
close upon the Hounds, urging them ever
forward, come deformed beings, running and
shrieking, shrieking and running, driven by
the stateless bloodlust of their kind. With
twisted crimson frames they speed across the
blighted land, crouched over as if the better to
track the terror-spoor of their prey. Masters of
the Hunt, they seek the blood of Man to offer
at the foot of the Skull Throne, ever hungry
for fresh prey, ever willing to tear the warm
red flesh with their talons and to smear the
gore triumphant upon their curving horns.
%
Where one Daemon may
flatter and ensnare, a
Daemon of Khorne’s
blackened and wicked
persuasion lies only so that it
may sharpen the sacrificial
knife. And such and action
happens in the wink of an eye.
%
Where the Daemons
treads, there treads
the weakling after.
Where stalks the
dark hunter of the
night, creeps behind
the craven fool.

I say you can find
out the servants of
darkness and tell
them by their Mark.
For believe me, each
bears a Mark, each
bears an outward
scar of the devilry
within. No man is
born so unnatural
that his body does
not revolt at the
foul pollution
spawned inside.

And by these Marks
can you tell them.
By the horns of the
beast - for they have
turned themselves
from the light and
should be
slaughtered like the
kine in the fields. By
the scales of the
snake - for they
slither in dark places
and should be beaten
with a rod. By the
feathers of the eagle
- for they have vexed
the gods with vain
flight and should
be brought down
with a stone…
%
With a mighty
shout he rose,
brighter than the
sun and more
fierce. In his hand
he held a rod of
twisted bone,
crossed and
double-crossed to
form the sign of
his dark lord, a
symbol of his
power and fruit of
mortal longings
well-fulfilled.

He rose above the
company, taller far
than they, and
looked with black
pride on these his
frighted slaves. He
snarled and heard
the sound of noble
hatred echoing
from the skies. He
stared the savage
stare of immortal
fury and death
was in his gaze.

And on that
blasted heath his
ashen servants
turned, gripped by
cold unthinking
terror, and fled his
presence. And on
the blasted heath
a Daemon Prince
was born.
%
