“A battle is but one part of a larger whole. Any student of
war will tell you that a wise commander will not commit
to battle unless he has first ensured that it is a fight he
cannot lose. But this still gives the battle an importance it
does not warrant. Fighting a battle, even a battle you
cannot fail to win, is the purest foolishness unless it
advances the chances of ending the need for any further
battles. Your primary aim must always be to win the war,
not win the battle.”
                                             Imperium Tactica
%
A spiritu dominatus,
Domine, libera nos.

From the lightning and the tempest,
Our Emperor, deliver us.

From plague, deceit, temptation and
war,
Our Emperor, deliver us.

From the scourge of the Kraken, 
Our Emperor, deliver us.

From the blasphemy of the Fallen,
Our Emperor, deliver us.

From the begetting of Daemons,
Our Emperor, deliver us.

From the curse of the Mutant,
Our Emperor, deliver us.

A morte perpetua,
Domine, libera nos.

That thou wouldst bring them,
only death,

That thou shouldst spare none,

That thou shouldst pardon none,

We beseech thee, destroy them.


-Invocation of the Fede Imperialis.
Commonly known as the battle-prayer
           of the Adepta Sororitas.
%
Abrom clutched the worn, metal
casing of the autogun closer to
his chest as the first missiles began
to fall. All around him the other
members of the coven hunched into
the rubble and whispered prayers to
the Patterner, He Who Wields Fate.
The barrage thundered closer and
they chanted louder and more
fervently, to drown out the shrieks
of those blown apart by that deadly
hail.

Ahash vri Arvad Abi-ba’al Aduni-
ba’al, Sapari ba’al…

Abrom could not understand why
they were suffering so. Had not the
Servant of the Patterner promised
that its awesome powers would
drive back the denizens of the False
Emperor? Had it not sworn that
the uprising would be an
unstoppable force, a swinging
hammer which would smash apart
the shackles of the Dead Emperor
which bound them into slavery? If
this pounding continued there would
be no one left alive to liberate.

As if in answer to Abrom’s prayers,
the explosions abruptly ceased.
Stones and shrapnel thrown up by
the bombardment hissed to the
ground for a second ot two before
an eerie silence fell. Abrom
cautiously peered out of his hiding
place and into the clouds of smoke
drifting over the ruins of the
settlement. There! A flash of red in
the haze, and another! Giant, red-
armoured figures stalked forward
across the shattered landscape like
primordial beasts.

Abrom felt a shudder down his
spine - the blood suckers were here,
sniffing out survivors to rip apart
with their bare hands and drain
their blood. Abrom gripped his
autogun more tightly as their leader,
Boreaus the Demagogue, gestured
his surviving companions forward.
They all knew they could expect no
mercy from the blood suckers, and
less from the Servant of the
Patterner if they lost faith now.

Merkin was blown
apart by an explosive
bolt as soon as he
stood up to shoot.
Then Jaynak and Veril,
and three others who
Abrom didn’t know
suffered the same fate.

Malakur was lucky and
only had his arm blown off, but
his screaming ceased in seconds as
his life-blood gushed out onto the
dusty rubble.

Abrom and the others were
splattered with blood and viscera
and flying stone fragments as more
bolts roared across the position.
Abrom felt the urge to run (if only
he could make his legs break the
shackles of fear which bound them).
Boreaus tried to rally them, chanting
the prayer the Servant had taught
them until his voice was cracked
and hoarse.

Budi-ba’al, Ba’al-iashupu, Ba’al
maluku!

As Boreaus chanted, Abrom felt a
tingling thrill through him, a
change seemed to be taking place.
Boreaus’ words became shrieks as
his spine twisted back and limbs
splayed apart. Blue fire spilled from
his jaws as they stretched out to an
impossible length. His skin split as
something far too big unfolded
itself from within him. Scintillating
feathered wings shook themselves
outward, glittering like jewels as the
Servant of the Patterner raised its
slender body up to twice man-
height. Abrom averted his gaze and
grovelled as its ancient, inhuman
eyes swept over the coven and out
to where the blood suckers
approached, unflinching as a storm
of bolter fire roared past. It spoke
with a rich, melodious voice.

“Come childrennn, your time is
nigh…”

With a beat of its mighty pinions,
the awesome presence was gone.
Abrom and the others surged
forward after it, their terrified
voices howling a song of praise to
the Lord of Change.
%
Across the vast sprawl of the galaxy are scattered the Orders Militant and
their martial parishes. An Order is not restricted to the borders of its parish,
of course - the Adepta Sororitas march out wherever heresy threatens and
battle calls! But an Order’s greatest sphere of influence lies within its parish,
as do the majority of its Preceptories, and each Order considers the well-
being and spiritual purity of the worlds within this zone to be theirs to police.
%
ACTS OF FAITH

Through the prayers of the faithful is the
Emperor’s will made manifest.
%
All Daemons are
Falsehood. They are
Lies, given the
shape of creatures
by the Power of
Chaos. Fear the
Daemons of Khorne
for this reason and
then fear them
once more.
%
“And so our time in Vogen dragged on, the days blurring into one long continuous battle, the only respite being a few
moments of fitful sleep snatched when we could. But even here the horror could intrude in the form of nightmares that,
if anything, seemed more real than the horror which induced them. The battle for the city simply went on and on, an
interminable assault on the senses, until you felt that all you had ever known was war and death…”

                                                                        Veteran Sergeant Hessel, 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
%
And what are the achievements of
your fragile Imperium? It is a corpse
rotting slowly from within while
maggots writhe in its belly. It was
built with the toil of heroes and
giants, and now it is inhabited by
frightened weaklings to whom the
glories of those times are halt-
forgotten legends. I have forgotten
nothing, and my wisdom has expanded
far beyond mere mortal frailties.

       - Ahriman of the Thousand Sons
%
Another explosion rocked the building, sending a shower of grey
dust from the ceiling, but Sergeant Marnok of the 122ⁿᵈ Cadians
barely noticed. His cheeks were sunken and his eyes ringed with
black circles. The sergeant gripped the stock of his lasgun and
tried to get some rest but, no matter how hard he tried, he
couldn’t quite block out the rumbling sound of a city at war. The
crash of artillery vied with the roaring of distant flames and
moans of the wounded. His squad had been stuck here for two
days now, trapped in this shattered building, forced to wait for
armoured support before they could advance any further into
Vogen.

Marnok could recall very little of the last few days, just nightmare
memories of bloody hand-to-hand combat and mad scrambles
from ruined buildings along rubble-choked streets. He’d lost
count of the number of times they’d stormed fortified enemy
positions through minefields, razor wire and lethal volleys of
gunfire grenades. An assault that had started nearly five
thousand strong had been reduced to less than eight hundred
men. Somehow he’d managed to avoid being killed and Marnok
prayed the Emperor that his luck would hold true throughout
this hellish warzone. He glanced around the room they now
sheltered in, at the haggard Guardsmen that had survived this
long. A coating of mud and dust rendered the men of his squad
an anonymous grey. Only Jenks looked different and that was
only because he was bloody from the belly down. He’d taken a
sniper’s bolter round in the gut when they holed up in here and
died screaming as his blood flooded into a huge pool on the floor.
They’d propped him by the window and used his corpse to try
and flush out the sniper by watching for muzzle flashes but,
wherever he was, he’d not been fooled. Jenks was proving to be
as useless in death as he’d been in life.

He risked a glance through the barricade pushed over the
entrance at the building’s rear as he heard the squeal of iron tank
tracks and pushed himself upright with a groan. Two Leman
Russ battle tanks idled behind the building, their engines
rumbling throatily as a mud-caked liutenant sprinted, bent over,
towards them. Marnok limped towards the barricade and, on his
way past, rapped his knuckles on Jenks’ helmet. He paused and
said “Come on soldiers, look alive.”

A few chuckles greeted the off-repeated joke, but most of the
men were too exhausted to bother. It had become a kind of
ritual amongst the squad to repeat the joke like a mantra to
ward off Jenks’ bad luck. Marnok partially dismantled the
barricade to allow the liutenant to enter the room. The
officer’s eyes scanned the guardsmen, finally settling on
Marnok. He removed his helmet and ran a hand through
sweat-streaked hair, mopping his brow with a tattered
bandanna.

“I’d put that helmet back on, sir,” advised Marnok, “Lot of
sniper activity round here.”

“Oh, yes. Of course,” replied the liutenant sheepishly.
“Are you Sergeant Marnok?”

Marnok nodded as the officer continued, “Liutenant
Badenhall, I have orders for you …”

                            ***

The two Leman Russ tanks rumbled slowly down what
had once been a prosperous mercantile district. Glass,
concrete and twisted girders lined the smoke-filled
streets and Marnok could see they were less than a
hundred metres from their objective. Badenhall
called it Building 235 which, in Marnok’s opinion,
didn’t sound like something worth dying for. Yet
that was almost a certainty, he glumly realised.

Suddenly a trio of missiles speared from the building, trailing
bright contrails and impacting on the tank’s turret with an
almighty clang. The missiles corkscrewed wildly away from the
tank, exploding high above it and Marnok smiled grimy as he
realised the traitors had made a fatal error. They’d obviously
been waiting for the tanks to close to ensure their weapons hit,
but now the range was too short and the missiles’ war-spirits
didn’t have time to arm themselves.

The tanks ground to a halt, their turrets tracking round to where
the missiles had come from, and fired their mighty battle cannons
in unison. The noise was deafening and the ground shook with
the vibration of their firing. The massive shells blasted the
building’s facade off, smoke boiling from its interior and jagged
chunks of masonry cascading from its frontage. Marnok was
gratified to see a host of mangled bodies amongst the rubble.
Liutenant Badenhall drew his chainsword and shouted to the
assembled guardsmen, “For the Emperor! Charge!”

Marnok sprinted after the liutenant shaking his head. The damn
fool was going to get himself killed like that. He bellowed his own
cry, terror and anger lending his legs strength as he ran, firing
from the hip. Small arms fire pattered harmlessly from the
armour of the tanks and bursts amongst the men of Marnok’s
squad. Trautman went down and half a dozen others whose
names he didn’t know. More were cut down before they finally
reached the building and Marnok slammed his back into the
building’s wall, his heart pounding like a jack-hammer. He
snapped a couple of frags from his belt and hurled them through
the giant hole the tanks had blasted. The grenades detonated
with teeth-loosening force, smoke and screams issuing from
within.

Marnok hurled himself into the building, snapping shots left and
right. Badenhall followed him, firing his laspistol and waving his
sword like a madman. Two bloodied rebels appeared from the
smoke, dazed and blackened. Marnok didn’t give them the
chance to recover and cut them down with two swift shots. More
troopers poured inside and Marnok knew they had to keep
moving. A single grenade in their midst could end this assault
before it began. He thundered his foot into a door and dived
through, rolling to a firing crouch and drawing his sword
and pistol. He shot the rebel defence trooper before him
in the face swaying aside as another swung his rifle butt
at his head. Marnok kicked him in the groin and slashed
his sword across his throat. He roared with unfettered
fury, a release of pent up aggression and continued
the slaughter…

                         ***

For another two bloody hours, the Cadians rampaged
through Building 235, fighting and killing with desperate
savagery. As the last squad reported their sector clear,
Marnok slid down against a wall, dropping his pistol and
sword from bruised hands. He felt utterly drained. He bled
from a score of wounds and only now did he feel the pain of
his injuries. The frenetic, heart-pounding danger of the battle
was over and a mix of emotions bubbled up within him, hate,
fear, elation and sadness. Less than a quarter of the men
had survived the assault, but Building 235 was theirs.
Marnok just hoped it was worth it. He saw Badenhall
marching towards him, his eyes aflame and Marnok
knew that the liutenant must have fresh orders
for him. Marnok closed his eyes as he realised
that this day’s butchery was not yet over.
%
“Any Cadian who can’t field-strip his
own lasgun by age ten was born on
the wrong planet.”

                                 Anon
%
“Armageddon… a world whose name has become a byword
for war and destruction…”

                      Lord Commander Solar Eugenian
%
“As a silvered moon is concealed by cloud, so we bide
our time. And when our face is revealed, our enemies
turn and flee before the harbingers of their doom.”

                            Sarithel Jhelisdai of the
                            Moonstrike Shadow Walkers
%
As Private Wylie waited for his loader to choose the next target, he was
startled to find a target choose them. At the edge of the ruins in front of them,
a massive winged Chaos Marine rose from a crouch to his full height and
turned to face them. Wylie heard his loader swear under his breath. Standing
at least a foot taller than any of them, the Chaos Marine lifted his arms out to
either side offering himself as a target, and he heard a voice of velvet edged
with steel speak to him.

“Am I not a heretic? Punish me in the name of your false Emperor,
but beware, for death and I are old friends.”

Wylie heard his loader yelling, “Fire, fire, fire,” and
saw his squad mates’ lasgun fire explode across the
traitor’s armour before he fired his missile launcher.
Miraculously, one of the lasgun bolts found a
weakness in the giant’s kneepad and he tumbled
to one side just a Wylie’s krak missile slashed
through the space he had been standing in.
Wylie felt physically sick. He heard the
rich laughter of his enemy
coming closer, but
didn’t look up. He
knew full well what
was coming.
%
“Ask not the Eldar a question, for they will give you three
answers, all of which are true and horrifying to know.”

                                        – Inquisitor Czevak
%
At Corbee’s gesture, they hurried forward in pairs,
slipping their camo-cloaks down as shrouds around
them, lasguns held loose and ready. The hybrid
weave of the hooded cloaks blurred to match the
dark grey mud of the ridgeway, and each man
stooped to smear his cheeks and brow with wet
mud before slipping over the earthwork.

Thoren watched the last one disappear and then
span the trench macro-periscope around. He
looked out, but of the sixty-plus men who had
just passed his position, there was no sign.

“Where in the name of Solan did they go?” he
breathed.
%
At the end of the 41ˢᵗ millennium the runic readings of the Farseers were
brimming with dire portents. Eldrad Ulthran’s worst suspicions were
confirmed when Maugan Ra strode through the Craftworld’s main webway
portal, accompanied by a massive bodyguard of Dark Reapers. The presence
of the Phoenix Lord on Ulthwé affirmed the fact that the Craftworld was
in great peril. Before the hour was out, the Seer Council and Maugan Ra
began a council of war.

Behind the closed doors of the Spirit Chambers, the Farseers vainly probed
the skeins of probability for a safe path through the coming storm. The
sheer scale of the coming conflict was terrifying: the forces of the Mon-
keigh and the minions of Chaos outnumbered the Eldar by millions to one.
There was only one way Eldrad could feasibly alter the course of fate in so
many theatres of such an apocalyptic war.

Whilst the Avatar of Ulthwé was awoken and the Spear of Khaine
assembled to march with him to war. Eldrad fragmented his consciousness,
storing a piece of his psyche in hundreds of sacred Waystones. Maugan
Ra assembled the Black Guardians of Ulthwé, dividing them into small
Strike Forces capable of travelling the convoluted labyrinth of the webway.
With the leader of each detachment carrying a sacred Waystone. Eldrad
could disperse his consciousness across the entire sector, guiding each
Strike Force through the webway to the heart of each battle at exactly
the right time and location. Maugan Ra’s Dark Reaper bodyguard added
to the strength of the Black Guardians in each Strike Force, and every
member of the Craftworld who could don the mask of the Warlock did
so to better lead their brethren.

When the storm broke, Ulthwé was ready to strike like the lightning.
%
“Attacking a well-defended city will
always be expensive in terms of troops
and material. The defender is well-hidden,
protected from all but the most lethal
weaponry by buildings which, even if
destroyed, still provide a refuge for him.”

                      Commissar Erik Stromm
      14ᵗʰ Provisional Regiment, Armageddon
%
