Bragg nodded without question. His great physical strength was an assignment
to the Ghosts, and was matched by his geniality and willingness to help.
He reminded Gaunt of some great blunt weapon, like a club: deadly when
delivered properly, but difficult to wield or aim.

Bragg batted a moth away from his face, ‘Precious little place we’ve found
here,’ he remarked.

‘Monthal is… short on charm,’ Gaunt admitted, studying the hulking
%
                       BROTHER DAMOS OF
                      THE ANGELS PORPHYR

Brother Damos commanded the 9ᵗʰ Company of the Angels
Porphyr, a stalwart veteran of the three centuries of battle. His
Devastator squads were the very model of efficient fire
support and wherever his men fought, the armoured might of
the enemy would be wary. It was during the Scouring of
Hume as he led his men in the defence of Hill 236 that a
surprise attack on the Space Marines’ position by rebel
Marauder bombers caught him in the open as he moved
between his linked bunkers. By all rights the bombardment
should have killed Damos, but when the attack was over, his
brother Space Marines found that the bloody shreds of his
body still drew breath. He demanded the chance to fight on,
and thus his remains were placed in stasis and transported
back to the Chapter’s fortress monastery where he was
implanted within the armoured sarcophagus of a Dreadnought.
For three thousand years he has remained entombed within his
armoured body and, as he did in life, Damos provides a solid
anchor of fire support for his brothers, guiding the
deployment and firing of the Chapter’s Devastators.
%
Brother Sergeant Egil of the Space Wolves
ducked behind the smoking, burnt out shell of
a Land Raider and slammed a fresh magazine
into his bolter. The remains of his Blood Claw
pack were spread throughout the blasted
building, gore streaked and exhausted. Even with
the filtering effect of his armour’s auto senses,
the noise of the battle was still deafening. He
risked a glance around the side of the Land
Raider. Thick clouds of choking black ash fell
from a lacerated sky, and the entire city was
aflame. Massive explosions and the thunder of
artillery obscured the battle and rendered even
his acute senses useless. Egil spun round, raising
his bolter to a firing position as he heard the
crunch of heavy footsteps approaching behind
him. The massive Terminator armoured form of
Brother Kaarlson of the Wolf Guard entered
the building and Egil lowered his gun.

“Ready your men, sergeant. We take the fight to
the traitors.” snarled the Wolf Guard. Even over
the vox-com’s distortion and din of battle, the
edge of feral anticipation in Kaarlson’s voice was
unmistakable. Egil nodded, passing the word to
his men. The green runes on his visor display
blinked as the Space Wolves acknowledged his
orders. Egil racked the slide on his bolter as
the ground suddenly shook under a thunderous
impact. The deep, rumbling crash sounded again,
like an angry god’s footsteps, and Egil looked
up as a massive shadow swallowed them.
Emerging from the smoke, like a vast beast
from the sagas, a Night Gaunt Titan towered
above them, its dark carapace silhouetted against
the bloody sky.

Lights flared around the Titan’s head as Imperial
fire impacted on its void shields, but the
enormous machine ignored them, lifting one
huge leg ponderously from the ground. Egil
could clearly hear the whine of its powerful
actuators over the explosions. The gigantic war
machine’s foot smashed aside buildings in its
path and Egil realised with sick horror exactly
where it would stamp down.

“Everybody up! Move!” he yelled and fired his
jump pack as the shadow of the Titan’s foot
descended upon them. Egil powered through the
air, heedless of the crack of small arms fire
that burst around him, angling for the cover of
a shattered bunker. He landed badly and cursed
as he fell in the rubble, looking back to see
Kaarlson slowly lumbering though the ruins.
He screamed his name as the mass of the
Titan’s foot smashed through the building and
crashed down upon the Wolf Guard Terminator.
Egil covered his head as the Titan’s other foot
swept above him, showering dust and debris.
Howling with rage, he fired his bolter
ineffectually at the Titan as it strode onwards,
unheeding of the great warrior it had just
killed.

Egil again reloaded his weapon, his thoughts
filled with avenging the fallen Kaarlson. He
looked over towards the flattened building and
watched with astonishment as the rubble began
to shift and heave. Massive chunks of plascrete
and steel were pushed aside as Kaarlson pulled
himself free of the debris. His Terminator
armour had been gashed open in a dozen
different places and his blood was splashed
crimson against its grey, but he was alive.

The Wolf Guard Terminator joined Egil in the
ruins of the bunker and shouted. “Like I said,
Sergeant. Ready your men. We’ve wasted enough
time already. We have a battle to win!”
%
BURNING DEATH SPEED FREEKS
Below was some sort of Humie supply
dump, with stacks of crates and barrels,
and Imperial Guardsmen scuttling around
dousing fires. Skargrim grinned and
sounded the Waaagh-horn before kicking
his driver to go faster. Around him, the
massed vehicles of the Speed Kult raced
down towards the shocked Humies at full
throttle. Warbuggies vied with bikes and
T raks to cover the ground the fastest,
Trukks packed with Boyz careened against
each other as they fought to get ahead,
the greenskins’ shouts inaudible over the
thunder of engines. The column of
ramshackle, bellowing vehicles snaked and
twisted like a living thing as it converged
on its prey.
%
