Caffran cursed and wiped the sight-lens of his lasgun clean of filth. Behind him he heard a shout, a
powerful voice that echoed along the traverses of the trench and seemed to shake the duckboards. He
looked back to see Commissar Gaunt emerging from his dugout.

Gaunt was dressed now in his full dress uniform and cap, the camo-cloak of his adopted regiment swirling
about his shoulders, his face a mask of bellowing rage. In one hand he held his bolt pistol and in the other
his sword, which whined and sang in the early morning air.

“In the name of Tanith! Now they are on us we must fight! Hold the line and hold your fire until they
come over the mud wall!”

Caffran felt a rejoicing in his soul. The Commissar was with them and they would succeed, no matter the
odds.
%
Captain Bradburn surveyed the war-torn
battlefield intently with his thermal-
imaging scope. As his gaze travelled over
the ruins below, he could see countless
glowing red hulking shapes lumbering
through the darkness towards the position
of his Death Korps Legion. He was certain
that the Orks would hit within the hour.
His gaze strayed to the large, ruined
building at the far end of the shattered
street that commanded an impressive view
over the battle zone. As he watched, the
glowing red thermal images of several
small creatures moved into view. They
clambered over the broken ruins, pushing,
shoving and biting each other.

A larger figure moved up behind them, the
red image of his form lashing out at the
smaller creatures who cowered before him.
They gestured crudely at the larger figure
when it turned its back to them again.
More of the smaller creatures moved into
view, lugging several large, wheeled devices
behind them by long chains. They were
rolled into position behind the ruins, the
barrels of the crude artillery pieces
protruding over the crumbling wall. The
Captain’s deadpan face did not display any
change.

Bradburn raised his comm-link, still
looking through the scope at the building.
When he spoke, his voice was cold and
unemotional:

“Ork artillery pieces are in position.
Detonate.”

Captain Bradburn surveyed the building as
it suddenly shook, a dull booming sound
reverberating over the battlefield. A great
cloud of smoke and dust rose, hiding the
building from sight. Muffled roars and
screams were carried across the battlefield.
With a glimmer of satisfaction in his grey
eyes, he silently applauded his men who
had crept forwards to place the explosives.

“23ʳᵈ Armoured Support,” he said into his
comm-link.

“Go ahead, Captain,” The reply crackled
with static.

“Commence bombardment.”

“Copy that.”
%
Captain Invictus was the
head of the Ultramarines
1ˢᵗ Company when it
was destroyed defending the
polar fortresses in the Battle of
Macragge during the first
Tyrannic War. Invictus had honed
the Company carefully after the
losses of the Corinthian Crusade,
gradually expanding it with
stolid veterans drawn from the
rest of the Chapter in accordance
with the edicts of the sacred
Codex Astartes. As such it
suffered none of the failings of
many reformed Companies; squad
cooperation was flawless and fire
discipline superb. Invictus was
fanatically committed to ensuring
that his battle brothers deserved
the respect they gained from the
rest of the Chapter and drove
them with relentless energy.
Invictus also acted as Regent of
Ultramar, and oversaw much of
the rulership of Macragge itself
when the Master of the
Ultramarines was busy with
other duties.

As such it was he who
requested that the 1ˢᵗ Company
be assigned to protecting the
two polar fortresses, the vital
lynchpins in Macragge’s orbital
defence network. He judged,
rightly as it transpired, that the
Tyranids would attempt to make
landings at these places to
neutralise the defences, opening
the door for untold numbers of
the creatures to swarm down and
infest the planet. The presence of
the elite veterans of the 1ˢᵗ
Company ensured that the
Tyranids suffered unsustainable
casualties overrunning the
fortresses, delaying the inevitable
for long enough that Calgar and
the rest of the Chapter could
forge a victory in space. Captain
Invictus’ body was discovered
among those of the last stand of
the 1ˢᵗ Company in Silo 8 of
the northern fortress. It is said
that the bodies of their enemies
stretched six deep for twenty
yards all about them, and every
pace from the silo to the
entrance four levels above.
%
                   CARNARVON, HIGH CHAPLAIN
                    OF THE DEATH COMPANY,
                     WATCHER OF THE LOST

The High Chaplain of the Death
Company, Carnarvon, bears a
terrible responsibility, as it falls
to him to watch over all 400
remaining Space Marines of the
Flesh Tearers Chapter for the
onset of the Black Rage. This is
a position he has occupied for
nearly 250 years and it is
whispered by many that the strain
of watching so many of his friends and comrades descend into
the Rage, becoming raving lunatics hungry only for blood, has
started to take its toll on his sanity. At this time, he has the
final word as to who must be inducted  into the Death
Company and which of those Marines must be permanently
incarcerated in the Tower of the Lost when they fall so far
into madness that even he cannot control them. When not in
combat, Carnarvon spends most of the time within the Tower
of the Lost, watching over his charges, ostensibly to find a
path that will allow them to rejoin the Chapter. However his
constant secrecy has a great many of the Flesh Tearers
questioning his motives.
%
             CATECHISM
             OF THE XENO

           To be Unclean
  That is the Mark of the Xenos
           To be Impure
  That is the Mark of the Xenos
         To be Abhorred
  That is the Mark of the Xenos
           To be Reviled
  That is the Mark of the Xenos
           To be Hunted
  That is the Mark of the Xenos
           To be Purged
  That is the fate of the Xenos
         To be Cleansed
For that is the fate of all Xenos

                 Extract from the
    Third Book of Indoctrinations
%
Chaplain Cassius is
amongst the oldest
members of the
Ultramarines Chapter,
discounting those who fight on
with the blessing of internment
within Dreadnought armour.
Although close on four centuries
old, his eye remains sharp and
his aim steady, and his sturdy
presence within the Ultramarines
battle lines fills the hearts of
his younger brethren with pride.
Cassius can recall tales of the
first Tyranic war when he
fought alongside Marneus Calgar,
always “young Calgar” to
Cassius, to purge Ultramar of
the horrific denizens of
Hivefleet Behemoth. His
impassioned words have carried
the Ultramarines forward into
battle on a thousand worlds,
firing them with his own
deeply-held passion and belief.
%
      CHIEF LIBRARIAN MEPHISTON,
             LORD OF DEATH

Mephiston is an awe-inspiring figure,
viewed by the Blood Angels with fear
and reverence in equal measure. His
entrancing eyes penetrate into the very
depths of the soul, engaging friend and
foe alike with their terrible brilliance.
The Blood Angels see him as the
spiritual son of their Primarch
Sanguinius, and as a great hope for the
entire Chapter, for it was he who first
overcame the agonising experience of the
Red Thirst. The Blood Angels strive to
emulate his courageous strength of will,
in the hope that they too will be able
to conquer their terrible curse. In the
depths of the madness brought on by
the Red Thirst, Mephiston re-lived the
final agony of his dying Primarch. He
arose transcendent from his insanity,
suppressing his overwhelming lust for
blood through sheer force of will. The
mental strength that was needed to
survive this ordeal was phenomenal, and
he fights a continuing battle to keep it
in check.
%
           CHIEF LIBRARIAN
               TIGURIUS

Chief Librarian Tigurius is the highest
ranking of his order within the proud
and highly respected Ultramarines
Chapter. A fierce and wise warrior-
mystic, he attained his exalted position
after proving his worth time and again
over many years of arduous campaigning,
primarily against the savage and brutal
Orks. He was one of the few survivors
of the Ork attack on Boros, where he
witnessed the mysterious appearance of
the black armoured Space Marines
known as the Legion of the Damned.
His psychic mastery is augmented by the
Hood of Hellfire, a uniquely modified
psychic hood of ancient design. It is a
powerful version of the standard psychic
hood, an arcane creation that crackles
with barely suppressed energy as it
enhances the strength of his devastating
mental assaults.
%
Colonel Colm Corbec, the Ghost’s second-in-command, was a massive, genial, shaggy brute beloved of his
men. His good humour and rousing passion drove them forward; his fortitude and power inspired them. He
held command by dint of sheer charisma, perhaps even more then Gaunt did, certainly more than Major
Rawne, the regiment’s cynical, ruthlessly efficient third officer.

Right now, Corbec couldn’t use any of that charismatic leadership. Pinned by sustained las-fire behind a
street corner drinking through, he was cursing freely. The microbead intercom system worn by all Tanith was
being blocked and distorted by the high buildings all around.

“Two! This is two! Respond, any troop units!” Corbec barked, fumbling with his rubber-sheathed earpiece.
“Come on! Come on!”
%
                       COMMANDER AZRAEL
                     SUPREME GRAND MASTER
                      OF THE DARK ANGELS

The current and, many would say, greatest Chapter Master of
the Dark Angels was recruited from the feral world of
Kimmeria from amongst the wild, headhunting tribesmen. His
wild nature was tempered by the Chapter and he soon proved
himself to be a noble and honourable warrior. As a humble
Brother-Marine he fought in many victorious battles during
the Scouring of Truan IX and rose to the position of Force
Commander during the crushing of the techno-revivalist
uprising on Faze V, an undertaking which brought him much
accolade from the Chapter’s masters. With such victories
behind him it was not long before Azrael was inducted into
the Deathwing and given command of the 3ʳᵈ Company. As
captain of this Battle Company he fought in countless
campaigns and won much respect from his peers, becoming
Master of the Deathwing in 917.M41.

The Grand Master of the Dark Angels secretly chooses his
successor from the Inner Circle, and when the Chapter’s
Grand Master died in 939.M41 it was inevitable that Azrael
would succeed him. Azrael was presented with the Lion Helm
and the Sword of Secrets, items of supreme significance for
the Dark Angels and the symbol of office for the Grand
Master. With these icons came the honorific title, Keeper of
the Truth. Azrael continues to lead the Chapter in battle and
his noble demeanour and unblemished honour continue to be
an example to all.
%
++ Commander. they beg for mercy -
++ Mercy! Oh Lord Khorne, truly have you led us
   to a land overflowing with blood and skulls! Give
   them the mercy of death.
++ Affirm. Blood! Blood! Blood! for my Lord!
++ Chosen of Khorne. lead us in the final assault!
++ Blood for the Blood God! Suppressing fire.
   Forward and centre. Heavy Bolters range 250.
   Move scum…

Communications intercept ends. The Portrein defenders
are assumed to have detonated their armoury.

                        - Ordo Malleus Secret Report:
                             Portrein Raid 106960.M41
%
Corporal Deakins gripped the stock of his lasgun and tried in vain to
stop himself from being jolted against the interior of the Chimera
armoured troop carrier. The transport bounced over another ridge of
frozen ground, sending his helmeted head slamming into a metal
stanchion. He swore and cursed the driver of the transport. Rivers of
melted snow pooled around his combat boots, sloshing about as the
squad was carried across the hard packed ground. He looked around
the compartment at the excited faces of 2ⁿᵈ Squad as they fired the
hull lasguns. Sergeant Kobal was sitting at the back of the Chimera,
seemingly untroubled by the jarring ride. His eyes were half shut,
headphones pressed to his hear as he concentrated on hearing the vox-
chatter over the deafening howl of the Chimera’s powerful engine.

“Right lads!” bellowed Kobal, his voice easily cutting through the
engine noise. “On your feet and get ready for disembarkation!”

Deakins could hear the engine noise deepen and the storm bolter open
fire as the Chimera slowed to a speed that would allow them to
safely dismount. With a squeal of hydraulics, the Chimera’s back ramp
began to drop. By the Emperor he was looking forward to this! He
could feel his heart rate thud like a trip-hammer, his earlier
discomfort and annoyance fading as he saw dozens of Chimera behind
theirs slowing and deploying from column into line.

“Go! Go! Go!” shouted Kobal even before the ramp was fully lowered.
As one, the ten man squad pounded down the ramp, jumping to the
muddy snow that formed their wake. Quickly looking around he could
see thousands of other troops pouring from their transports and a
fierce pride swelled in his breast.
%
Corpses bloated with noxious gases spewed
excremental fluids as the filth encrusted
Land Raider crushed them beneath its rusted
iron tracks, grinding their jellied bones to
pulp. Explosions burst around the massive
vehicle, filling the air with lethal fragments
and scoring the necrotic surface of its
armoured hide. Hulking and deformed
warriors kept pace with the plague tank, firing
mucus covered bolters through the yellow fog
as they advanced. The Imperial Fists defensive
line was less than fifty metres away, the
ground before it littered with the twisted,
plague-ridden carcasses of those unfortunate
enough to have been touched by the dark
powers.

The fog coiled about the Land Raider like a
living thing, as though it moved on some vile
business of its own. The white heat of
lascannon fire speared through the sickly haze
and struck the hull of the tank, blasting a
deep wound in its fleshy exterior. The
massive vehicle slewed around, but kept
moving, spinning tracks churning scraps of
rotten flesh and decayed limbs as it rumbled
over the pathetic barricade their foes had
erected. The ground shook as the vehicle
crashed back to earth. The front ramp
dropped and pestilential fumes gusted from
within, like the breath of some vast, infected
beast. Vomited from the belly of the
armoured beast, warriors spawned in a
festering nightmare charged from the Land
Raider, a foul miasma of contagion wreathing
their helmets in smoky darkness. Almost
three metres tall, the huge figures wore
poisonous green suits of Terminator armour,
splashed with clusters of weeping boils and
sores. Diseased lesions and foul organic matter
oozed from cracks in the armour, the stench
of the plague Terminators causing even the
defending Space Marines to gag through their
re-breather equipment.

Captain Learchus of the Imperial Fists
levelled his bolter at the hideous giants before
him, scarce able to believe that he would once
have called these abominations brothers. Their
souls were forfeit to the dark gods and their
inner corruption was manifest in their
hideousness. Hatred like nothing he had
known before coursed through his veins like
an electric charge as he emptied his magazine
into the traitors. His squad followed
his example, firing without pause into
the charging Terminators. Several shells found
homes in traitor flesh, blasting chunks
of diseased tissue and ceramite clear, but
not a single Terminator fell, the decaying
armour and unnatural resilience of the
followers of Nurgle carrying them through
the hail of fire.

                *     *     *

Brother Colathrax stalked leisurely through
the fog of sweet corruption and hail of bolter
shells, his plague sword licking out left and
right. He cut and stabbed, slicing skin and
pricking organs, but never killing outright; no,
never that. For who was he to deprive his foes
of the agonising bliss of Father’s Nurgle Rot?
How sweet it was to watch those whom the
false Emperor had made mighty descend into
madness and decay, their once powerful
bodies turning on them as plague reduced
them to mindless, gibbering horrors of
mutated flesh. They had set themselves up as
gods and would now pay the price for that
arrogance. A Space Marine Captain in blazing
yellow armour stood before him, his sword
raised in challenge and Colathrax smiled.

“Time to die, traitor!” hissed Captain
Learchus.
Colathrax chuckled, “I think not.” and swung
his dripping sword at his opponent. Learchus
ducked and thrust with his own weapon. The
energised edge scraped a furrow in the
Terminator’s armour, but slid clear. Colathrax
batted aside his opponent’s blade with his
power fist, stabbing his suppurating weapon
through Learchus’ belly. The blade of the
plague sword skewered the Space Marine in
an upward arc, lifting him from his feet and
hammering through the building behind.

Learchus hung suspended above the ground,
blood pooling beneath his twitching body.
The wound refused to close and Learchus
coughed bloody phlegm as he felt the meat
of his body rotting at a terrifying rate,
internal organs flooding with dead fluids and
the flesh of his limbs sloughing from his
bones inside his armour. His breath rasped as
his lungs dissolved and his vision faded as his
eyeballs liquefied, sliding down his face like
glutinous tears. He tried to curse his killer,
nut his throat had ruptured and seconds later
his brain was a foetid grey ooze dribbling
from his sagging head.

Brother Colathrax inhaled the intoxicating
aroma of his master’s putrescent benediction
and offered a short prayer to Father Nurgle.
He wrenched his sword from the wall,
allowing the sloshing suit of power armour to
topple to the stinking ground. The
disintegration of this world was almost
complete and Colathrax could taste their
victory on the foul wind that swept the
battlefield. He pictured oceans of decaying
flesh, infection rampant and plagues
unnumbered. That would be their gift to the
denizens of this mortal realm.

Colathrax laughed at the thought as the fog
closed in.
%
“Cursed am I, who as seen past the skein of time that prevents Man from perceiving his future! I have seen every one
of you die a thousand times and I welcome this execution, knowing that I am to be spared the horror that awaits
this world. Armour clad warriors of bronze and iron, their axes hungering for slaughter, come for your blood. Chaos is the
ruler of this world now: ’tis its dominion where life breeds to feed it. Cries of pain are music for its banquet and the
stench of terror the sweet flavour of its feast. So light your fires and sear the life from my body as you burned the visions
from my eyes. I welcome it…”

                                                                              Valediction of the Heretic Prophet of El’Phanor
%
