“D’you still have your pipes?”
Milo had been a musician back on Tanith, and before he’d made trooper he’d played the pipes into battle.
“Yes,” he said. “Never go anywhere without them.”
“Play up, eh?”
“Now?”
“My first order as sergeant.”
Milo pulled the tight roll of pipes and bellows from his knapsack. He cleared the mouth-spout and then
puffed the bag alive, making it whine and wail quietly. The hum of conversation died down at fires all
around at the first sound.
Pumping his arm, he got the bellows breathing and the drone began, rising up in a clear, keening note.
“What shall I play?” he asked, his fingers ready on the chanter.
%
“Da trubble wiv defendin shaks is dat
dey know you’re in dere. So you get
tons’a stuff dropped on you before any
of ’em’ll come in for a scrap. An’ when
dey do, there’s thousands of ’em.”

         Warlord Mhagdhash Kur Kroksnik
               - Deth Traks, Armageddon
%
‘Darkness has descended upon us,
but the light of the Emperor still burns
bright. We shall not falter, in our duty
or in our faith, and the enemies of the
Ecclesiarchy shall be consumed by our
fury. We are the spiritual descendants
of Dominica, and we shall fight to the last.’

                         - Canoness El'sayem,
                    Order of the Ebon Chalice
%
+++Director, Division Ocular - EYES ONLY

The following are my personal comments to your Lordship only, Overall, while the sheer zeal of this new cult can feel disturbing at first, I
see little cause for worry. As noted above, they have high marks from the regional governor of their originating province - several of the
higher ranking officials are openly strong members of the cult, but continue of course to be loyal to your Lordship. Their basic tenets do
not conflict with the Imperial Creed, though several members of the Ministorum locally have differing opinions on that matter as I’m sure
your Lordship is aware.

This ‘Brotherhood of the Faithful’ preach honest toil, respect for elders, humility, and self-reliance. I was allowed to visit one of their
countryside retreats, and observed the membership in action. All were very properly subservient to me as a recognised agent of your
Lordship, and no attempt was made to hide or conceal anything. I also viewed several church services, and while there were not enough
specific praises to the Emperor of Man for my personal tastes, their more general call to serve the ‘All-Father’ were plentiful and
enthusiastic. When queried, I was told this was the overall name they used in their faith for the Emperor or even your Lordship. They feel
strongly in following the single leading figure in the culture evidently.

Many of the ranking officials wanted to press upon their dedication to your Lordship; I got the feeling they were worried they might be
targeted as heretics. During my meeting with Brother Barantom the young leader of the movement (see transcript above), I got the same
feeling, but more of a confident tone of the fundamental and righteous nature of his faith. Very well spoken, as well as strongly
charismatic fellow. This undercurrent of absolute and utter conviction is one of the things that has made this group grow so well in my
opinion. As noted above, it started out some years ago as an odd cult of re-birth and renewal though faith, represented by the ‘snake
swallowing its own tail’ symbol. [Again, I’m still not sure exactly how long ago; some archived records we have contains clues indicating
this could be an offshoot of an even older religious following dating back several decades at least] Some of the older members still cling to
those older beliefs I would imagine, but has done much better since moving towards a more mainstream belief system.

Quite honestly, I think the main reason the Ministorum is so upset with this group is that they are simply becoming too popular, especially
in the more remote areas away from the capitol. Since they follow the Imperial Creed, they cannot launch an overt attack on the group
though. Thus my official recommendation for continued intensive monitoring and possible infiltration, so we can keep them satisfied by
appearing to be closely watching the situation. But privately, I would recommend your Lordship not waste any more resources than the
bare minimum. This ‘Brotherhood’ is just a passing fancy of the masses, and will fade on its own soon enough with time.

                                                                                                                                       Tokkra
%
“Diverse and many-fold weaponry is of the
greatest importance for the steel-clad
behemoth, lest it shall be confronted by
foes it cannot master. On the field of war,
it may battle Orks without number, against
whom the burning lance of the lascannon is
worthless. On another world, the armoured
abominations of the alien Eldar may be
found, against whom the noble bolter is
useless.

The commander must maintain the watchful
gaze of the eagle to seek his foes through
scope and slit. Once found, they must be
crushed with the full weight of fire before
seeking the next enemy, for the beast
which is merely maimed may strike back…
still. When a suitable target is found, the
machine must be halted for most
efficacious execution: for motion and
accuracy are anathema to one another.
Speed has its place, just as firepower has
its own. Never forget this!”

        Extract from ‘Commander of Armour’s
             First Book of Indoctrinations’
%
Do not ask, ‘Why kill the alien?’
rather, ask, ‘Why not?’

           Battle Brother Artemis
%
“Do not reject out of hand the mercenary.
Consider that each one of these scum is
worth three to you: one more on your side,
one less on your foe’s side, and one more
worker in your ordnance smithies.”

           Magnate-General Constantine Beaumont,
231ˢᵗ Viscount of the Argentium IV General Staff
%
“Do not throw your forces blindly into battle. Before
committing your forces, examine the situation. Review
your own strength, and that of your enemy. Remember
your own objectives, and try to anticipate those of your
opponent. Then select those of your troops best suited to
the task in hand.”

                                         Imperium Tactica
%
