                  EIDOLON, LORD COMMANDER
                  OF THE EMPEROR’S CHILDREN

Lord Eidolon was the first Space Marine select by
Fulgrim to lead an entire company of the Emperor’s
Children, and was commonly regarded as the most proficient
of all the Lord Commanders. Until the corruption of the
Legion, Eidolon dedicated himself to mastering all aspects
of warfare. His troops fought equally well in sieges, holding
actions, rapid strikes and gruelling campaigns, never
displaying any inexperience or inefficiency no matter what
was demanded of them.

Eidolon regarded Fulgrim as a father in the literal sense,
considering his bond of gene-seed to be as strong as true
parentage. Though he accepted that he could never equal the
Primarch in power, Eidolon nevertheless spent every waking
moment studying Fulgrim’s tactics and strategies, his
writings and orations, in the hope of being as close to his
leader’s perfection as he could possibly become. Despite
considerable effort, scholars in the service of the Inquisition
have been unable to determine whether or not Eidolon
survived the Siege of Terra. Unsubstantiated rumours claim
that Eidolon is responsible for hundreds, if not thousands,
of gruesome raids on Imperial worlds in the past ten
thousand years, and have suggested he may have served as
liutenant to Abaddon the Despoiler, consort to Queen
Sylelle and champion of the Daemon Prince N’Kari. No
rumours, but, without undisputable evidence, the Inquisition
will not declare Eidolon dead.
%
“Ere we go, ere we go, ere we go…”
%
’Ere we go, ’ere we go, ’ere we go… Bloody hell, where’d dose
beaky wagonz come from? Quick ladz, face dis way. No, no,
no! Not dat way, dis way. Oi! Where are yooz boyz running off
too? Come back ’ere ya yoosless lot… Bugga! Oh well, I guess
I’ll just have to take out dem wagonz meself. ’Ere we go den…
WAAAAAARGH!!!

                               Last words of Warlord Naz-bakk
%
          +++

     Even the most
 magnificent blade or
 devastating munition
is no match for faith,
   and a heart full
      of hatred.

          +++
%
         +++

   Every bullet you
fire, every blade you
swing that slices the
 enemy's flesh, is a
  prayer to the gods
       of war.

         +++
%
Every segmentum, indeed almost every
sector of the Imperium, has a Cypher
legend, some of them dating back
thousands of years, and the number of
bounties offered for his capture would
buy a subsector were anyone able to
collect them. It is clear that the
popularity of Cypher legends is tied to
nonconformists throughout the Imperium.
Self-deluded radicals believe that
Imperial institutions attempt to repress
individuality and, in a perverse reaction,
subconsciously approve of the maverick
mystery man.

Cypher has become an iconic figure in
the minds of these neurotic radicals. He
is hooded, clearly implying that he is an
outlaw who wishes to avoid recognition,
a pointless gesture because everyone
clearly does recognize him! In fact, most
sightings are only the result of an
imaginative observer conferring Cypher’s
identity on some unknown man. Anyone
who foments rebellion and defies capture
can become Cypher in the popular
imagination. Tales commonly emphasize
Cypher’s prodigious skill with pistols:
normally he is portrayed firing both a
plasma pistol and a bolt pistol with
unerring accuracy. This technique is
normally associated with hive gangers,
particularly outlaws of the sort that
attract a mystique similar to that of
Cypher. Such “sightings” are clearly a
product of uncontrolled wish fulfillment
rather than accurate observation. Finally
and most perplexing are the frequent
references to the sword that Cypher
carries. There are no credible examples
of the sword being drawn. However, the
rumour most commonly heard is that the
sword is broken and is somehow
connected to the early history of the
Dark Angels. The link with the Dark
Angels is a difficult one to prove, as
they are among the most secretive of
the Adeptus Astartes. It is known that
the Dark Angels and their successor
Chapters sometimes refer to themselves
collectively as the Unforgiven and are
frequently seen hunting down renegade
and traitor Space Marines with or
without official sanction. It is assumed
by some, therefore, that Cypher is a
former Dark Angel and that his sword
may be one of their sacred relics. This
is pure supposition and an insult to the
reputation of the Emperor’s most
devoted warriors.

 From The Heresy of Cognitive Dissonance,
             by Cardinal Elyass Vallkante
%
     EZEKIEL, GRAND MASTER OF THE
      LIBRARIANS, KEEPER OF THE
          BOOK OF SALVATION,
          HOLDER OF THE KEYS

Ezekiel is the present Grand Master
of Librarians within the mysterious
Dark Angels Chapter. He endures a
tremendous burden, being the sole
bearer of the darkest and most
sinister secrets of this most evasive
and insular of Chapters. He
determines who may enter the Inner
Circle, for he alone can see into the
very soul of a man and judge whether
he can bear the burden of the
knowledge such a position brings.
The strength of his will is legendary
and he holds the Book of Salvation
as a mark of his position. This book
lists the names of all those of the
Fallen that the Dark Angels have
captured over the millennia, and as
such is an item of great significance
for the Chapter. The Librarians of
the Dark Angels are all members of
the Deathwing, and they act as the
guardians of the dungeons carved
deep within the bowels of the Tower
of Angels. Ezekiel was given the title
Guardian of the Keys in recognition
of the role that he and his brothers
fulfil by keeping the dungeons secure.
Ezekiel uses his considerable power
to aid the Interrogator-Chaplains in
their grisly work, invading the minds
of the Fallen and undermining their
mental resolve. His insidious abilities
have driven many foes into insanity as
he whispers doubts and confusions
directly into their minds. This ability
is utilised on the battlefield, worming
his way deep into the minds of the
enemy and encouraging the growth of
their fears, filling them with images of
hopelessness and defeat that erode the
willpower of even the most disciplined
of warriors.
%
