Fear no more the formless terrors of the priests sermons. Suffer no more their
chartiring lash. With the wyrm-form brand upon your flesh, you will become the
thing they fear, and you will make them suffer.
%
Field Analyst Marquanse supped at the
foul-tasting brew that had been passed to
him by the sour-faced Mordian on his
right. The Iron Guard ate in the mess hall
in as rigid a formation as they fought, and
not a word passed between them.
Marquanse could feel the contempt
emanating from the stern faces, and thanked
the Emperor it wasn’t directed at him. He
couldn’t help cursing the day he was given
the stinking hellhole that was Cerbera base
as his first posting.

He was jolted from his reflections by a
thick gobbet of grey meat hitting him on
the back of his neck. Thin gruel leaked
into his high collar as the Ork Hunters
behind him roared and bawled with
laughter. Their table was buckling under
the weight of two massive, unshaven brutes,
slick with blood as they punched each
other sensless. Turning, Marquanse saw
that both combatants were baring their
teeth in atavistic snarls, neither with
anything like a full set of teeth. They were
not bothering to defend. Many of the Ork
Hunters were smashing their fists into the
table in time, howling encouragement.
Several others were slinging meat at each
other, barking laughter and bellows of rage
mingling as chairs were overturned and
faces shoved into foodstations. One of
them, half his scalp missing, was slicing
kill-markings into his chest with a knife
the length of Marquanse’s forearm. Every
one of them bore trophies; dead body
parts of defeated greenskins. Most of them
were shouting, and the noise was deafening.
Marquanse looked down in disgust, only to
see a thick trickle of vomit meander
between his freshly polished boots. The air
stank of sweat, blood, oil and bile.

Suddenly, one of the Mordians shot to his
feet, red-faced with rage, and barked an
order for them to cease. As one, the Ork
Hunters stopped immediately, twelve sets
of eyes immediately turning on the
perpetrator with a hostile savagery that
nearly cost Marquanse control of his
bladder.

The largest of the brutes scraped his chair
slowly backward, and stood up slowly as
silence descended across the mess hall.
Marquanse noted that the smaller sergeant
was still sitting, intent on his food. The
giant strode ponderously toward their table,
wiping his mouth with a burly arm. His
face was tattooed with the likeness of an
Ork skull, his scarred, weathered skin slick
with a sheen of rank sweat. He belched
lazily, the Mordian recoiling in distaste as
particles of food hit his starched uniform.
The giant spoke.

“This is Helltown, boy. Different rules
here. My lads just spent sixteen days in a
living nightmare, killed ’em twelve Gorks
and eighty-two Morks. They wanna relax.
Wanna cut loose. Get outta their faces, or
I’ll get into yours.” He pushed the
Mordian back into his chair with such
force that all of the plates on the table
jumped.

Marquanse flinched in sympathy. The
Mordian’s face had turned ashen, and
although his comrades returned to their
meals, he did not touch his food.
%
Follow me, my Children, and the glory of victory shall
be yours. We shall cleanse ourselves in the crimson
waters of the enemy. We shall bring the ecstacy of
quick release to those who stand before us. We shall
give bloody praise to the Lord of Pleasure and sing
his name as we dance across the fallen. Follow me,
my Children, and you shall taste the undreamt joys
that lie beyond the bounds of mortal sense.

                 - Fabius Bile, Liutenant Commander of
                                the Emperor’s Children
%
Follow me, my children, and the
glory of victory shall be yours.
We shall cleanse ourselves in the
crimson waters of the enemy. We
shall bring the ecstasy of quick
release to those who stand before
us. We shall give bloody praise to
the Lord of Pleasure and sing his
name as we dance across the
fallen. Follow me my children,
and you shall taste the undreamt
joys that lie beyond the bounds
of mortal sense.

                       Fabius Bile
%
“For every battle honour, a thousand heroes die alone,
unsung, and unremembered.”
%
“For seven terrible years the Siege regiments of the
Imperial Guard carried out their onerous duty,
manning the hundreds of miles of trenches and fortified
positions that served to contain the arch-heretic’s
forces. Success was measured in yards of ground
gained, and every inch of that deadly ground was
bought with the blood and lives of men.”


                       From the official history of the
                        Kaiserschlect campaign, M41.745
%
From: Apothecary Beacher XVIII

To: Chapter Commander Maticula

Subject: Plasma burns running
rampant

Though for the day: We shine His
light upon the heathens, for the
darkness hates the light.

Dear sir,

As I passed Honored Brother Cales
through the Apothecarium once more, I
finally have reached the point where I can
hold my tongue no longer. I had thought
that the extensive scoring of his armor
had come from battle, which is true, but
from the enemy fire, which is not. In fact,
the majority of the damage he has taken
has been self-inflicted! I have asked the
others of our Brothers who are given the
sacred position of Honored Plasma
Gunner, and each has shared with me the
knowledge that they wound themselves
more often than they are wounded by
enemy fire. Indeed, they report fully 16%
misfires, with a third of those being so
fierce as to take them out of action, if not
be slain outright.

This is unacceptable.

Further review of this situation lays the
blame squarely upon the Chaplains, not
Techmarines. For, while the weapons
remain well-blessed and in the highest
working order, Honorable Plasma
Gunners are trained only in the Litany of
Righteous Indignation, which, as you
know, calls for cleansing the foe without
though of self-preservation, as opposed
to the less severe Litany of the Controlled
Strike, which leads to firing with only the
exact force needed, so that His Word and
our ammunition need not see waste.
Obviously, replacing one Litany with the
other would result in an unfair reduction
of the honor of the position, thus I think
that both should be taught, leaving to the
Honored Brother the choice of which to
bless his weapon with for each firing.
Instructing them to save the Litany of
Righteous Indignation for only the hardest
of targets would reduce our losses by an
estimate seven Honored Brothers a
year, without appreciable loss of
firepower.

Your in eternal service

Apothecary Beacher XVIII

‘We whose hands bring peace as well as
war.’
%
