He who allows the alien to live,
shares its crime of existence.

             Inquisitor Apollyon
%
Henger broke cover when the urge to do so was ignited by the
Broodmind. He screamed a battle cry as he pounded across
the roadway towards the Imperial bunker. His brood came
with hint, some firing their autoguns front the hip, others
simply dashing towards the enemy position while yelling their hate.
Muzzle flare lit up the bunker’s gun-slit as heavy stubbers awoke. Their
clattering roar filled the air and echoed from the machine-sheds all
around. Their bullets plucked Henger’s brothers and sisters from their
feet one after another. Somewhere behind the bunker a stablight lit with
a flat bang and flooded the scene with blinding radiance.
 Raked with fire, half-blinded and seemingly defenceless, lesser
warriors might have broken then and fled back to the shadows. Henger
and his brood kept running, driven on by fanatical devotion and the
bolstering comfort of Pater Vermis’ regard through the Broodmind.
With the eyes of their Patriarch upon them, the faithful could
achieve miracles.
 Barely a third of the Neophytes made it across the roadway to press
themselves flat against the front wall of the bunker. It was more than
enough. Henger and two others pulled the pins from militia-grade frag
grenades then bowled them through the bunker’s gun-slit. A trio of dull
thumps came from within. Smoke billowed. The stubbers fell silent.
 Henger and the survivors of his brood slid around the bunker’s flanks
like moon-cast cloud shadows. As they moved up to the chain-link fence
beyond, they were joined by more of the faithful who hastened across
the road in their wake. Henger was thrilled to see the blessed forms of
Dvorg’s Acolytes. He felt a momentary longing for divine gifts that could
never be his as the hulking brothers and sisters moved up to the fence
and tore its links apart with their bare talons.
Led now by faithful Dvorg, Neophytes and Acolytes poured through
the gap in the fence and into the supply yard beyond. More stablights
banged to life. Militia lasfire flared from behind improvised barricades
fashioned from munitions crates and fuel barrels. More faithful fell.
Dvorg needed no words to command his troops; the Acolyte simply
gestured and his and Henger’s warriors charged again, into the teeth of
the enemy guns. This place was packed with supplies, and Pater Vermis
wanted them. Henger and his comrades would claim them for him, no
matter how many lives it cost.
%
"How like a God He is, that ancient Machine, primal of all His Kind, the Imperator! His mighty Fists,
massive like two Towers of Destruction, laden with the Doom of Mankind’s bitter Foes."
%
“How much like a god he is, that ancient machine, primal of all his kind! His mighty fists, massive like two towers of
destruction, laden with the doom of mankind’s bitter foes. He watches over us now as battle joins, and in his shadow
we shall advance upon our enemies and defeat them.”
%
“Hurl forth your holy shells upon
the foe. Let them tear the enemy
asunder and spill their blood!
BLOOD for Lord Khorne!!
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!”

- Doomblaster Incantation of Destruction.
%
