“I know not if he represents the
greatest threat or greatest hope for the
future of the Imperium. I only pray
we stop him before we find out.”

                Inquisitor Bastalek Grim
%
“I remember the first day we entered Vogen. The city had already been blasted by our artillery and IN ’Bolts [Imperial
Navy Thunderbolts] and not one building was left fully standing. Rubble choked the streets, which meant that us
footsloggers got to go in first. I was green in those days, and I can remember thinking that no-one could have survived
in that cauldron of destruction. The next second a sniper got poor old Sergeant Svergan, and rebel sewer-rats attacked
us from behind, and then we were fighting for our lives with knives, fraggers and rifle-butts. Only four of us survived out
of my squad. I never though Vogen was going to be easy again after that…”

                                                                             Veteran Sergeant Hessel, 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
%
I salute you!
For though our
path has been
bloody, you
have served our
Lord with
unflinching
courage and the
honour of true
warriors. We
have seen many
fall today and
must remember,
even as we die,
that our blood
too is welcome…

  Last words of
   the Renegade
Harkan Ironfist
%
“If it was a miracle then it was a Kantrael short-pattern nineteen-megathule Lasrifle miracle.”

                                  General Karnow of the 122ⁿᵈ Cadian after his victory at Vogen
%
“I’ll be back…”
Warlord Ghazgkhull Thraka
%
“I’m da hand of Gork and Mork, dey sent me to rouse up da
boyz to crush and kill ‘cos da boyz forgot what dere ‘ere for.
I woz one of da boyz till da godz smashed me in da ‘ead an’
I ‘membered dat Orks is meant to conquer and make slaves
of everyfing they don’t kill.
I’m da profit of da Waaagh an’ whole worlds burn in my
boot prints. On Armour-Geddem, I led da boyz through da
fire deserts and smashed da humies’ metal cities to scrap. I
fought Yarik, old one-eye at Tarturus, an’ he fought good but
we smashed iz city too.
I’m death to anyfing dat walks or crawls, where I go nothin’
stands in my way. We crushed da stunties on Golgotha, an’
we caught old one-eye when da speed freeks blew da
humies’ big tanks ta bits. I let ‘im go ‘cause good enemies iz
‘ard to find, an Orks need enemies ta fight like they need
meat ta eat an’ grog ta drink.
I iz more cunnin’ than a grot an’ more killy than a dread,
da boyz dat follow me can’t be beat. On Pissenah we
jumped da marine-boyz an’ our bosspoles was covered in
da helmets we took from da dead ‘uns. We burned dere port
an’ killed dere bosses an’ left nothin’ but ruins behind.
I’m Warlord Ghazghkull Mag Uruk Thraka an’ I speak wiv
da word of da gods. We iz gonna stomp da ‘ooniverse flat
an’ kill anyfing that fights back. We iz gonna do this coz’
we’re Orks an’ we was made ta fight an’ win!”

                      Graffiti on Warlord Titan wreckage found
                      by Dark Angels at Westerisle, Piscina IV
%
“I’ve fought in this endless, hateful war
for eight months now, night and say. In
that time, I’ve aged a decade. My hair
has turned grey, nearly all of my squad
have died and I doubt I’ll ever smile
again, I’ve fought next to heroes and
I’ve strangled men in their sleep. But
I’m still alive. And by the Emperor I
intend to stay that way.”

                   Acting-Captain Haines,
                        47ᵗʰ Steel Legion
%
“In my years with the regiment I have fought on the burning sulphur fields of Krigos IV, on the blizzard-swept plains of
Mons Frigidus, and in the hard vacuum of deep-space, but none of these matched the horrors I faced fighting in the
ruined streets of Vogen. It was a blasted, smoke-palled hell where death lurked at every turn and where brave men went
insane from fear and suffering. I thank the Emperor that I survived, and I pray to him I will never have to return to such
a place again…”

                                                                            Veteran Sergeant Hessel, 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
%
“In the grim darkness of the far future there is only war!”
%
In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only war.
%
‘In the name of the Star Children we are charged
with conquering worlds. We must overthrow the
oppressive regimes of the Imperium. We must
crush the vile alien invaders and the worshippers
of false gods who seek to steal our prizes from us.
All this we must do through our own strength, guile
and determination. In such an endeavour, there is
no room for weakness or failure.’
  - Magus Rheng of the Cult of the Fanged Deliverer
%
“In the open field
armies are
commanded by
their generals. In
cities, armies are
commanded by
their sergeants.”

   Colonel Tolsten
          Hart M38
%
Innocence proves nothing
%
INQUISITOR THRAX…
…cleared his throat and dictated the last section of his report.

“The mutants have been eradicated throughout the Chapter. The tainted officers
have been slain. The Chapter Master chose to take his own life rather than face
his deserved fate. The creatures he summoned have been banished, or have
returned to the Warp. From past experience, we know that the link, once broken, must needs be
established from our side of the warpgates.”

“That will not happen again in this place. My administration of
justice has made sure of that. The unfortunate lapses of the last
months have been cleansed. Full casualty reports are attached.”

“I can now confidently claim that, under their new - and morally
pure - corps of officers, the reformed Grey Slayers Chapter of
the Legiones Astartes will prove as loyal in future as they did
in the past.”

“Hail the Emperor!”

“Thrax, Inquisitor Ordinary, This day of etc etc… Make a good
copy and then return so that I may seal the despatch.”

“Yes, Lord Inquisitor.”

Thrax sat down at the former Chapter Master’s desk. He had a
mind to keep it for his own. The workmanship had a certain naive
charm. The inlay work was particularly fine for a backward world,
such intricate patterns, such a pleasing arrangement of woods
and techplastics. One could almost believe that it all meant
something. His finger idly traced across the surface, following
the line of a swirl and loop…

In Warpspace something stirred. Its name had almost been used.
Soon the Word would be used, and the Way opened. The
summoning was happening. It could feel the drawing together
of power and intent…

Thrax was thinking hard, and now his finger barely moved. The
Chapter Master had been weak, a fool. But the power he had
tapped! Properly used, in the service of the Emperor, could it
not make him the best, the greatest, of all the Inquisitors? His
finger moved across the desktop again, following the inlay…

Soon… Soon…

Thrax reached the end of the techplastic line. He half-turned
towards something in the corner of his eye. And the he knew…

NOW!

There was a knock on the door. The scribe had returned.
“Inquisitor Thrax, I have the copy of your report, Lord.” His
voice filled with doubt. “Inquisitor… Thrax? My Lord?”

In a rush of mandibles and heaving flesh, Inquisitor Thrax feasted.
%
It had once been an occupied position.
The gun emplacement had protected thirty of
the Eldar’s dark kin, but now resembled
nothing so much as an abattoir. Shredded
Eldar corpses lay strewn around, torn to pieces
by an hour long bombardment from the
Ultramarines’ Whirlwinds nearly a thousand
metres away. The fortifications were pock-
marked with shrapnel hits, but were for all
intents and purposes intact. Captain Invictus
had vetoed the Imperial Guard Colonel’s plan
of shelling the position with Earthshaker
cannons, realising that when the Dark Eldar
counter-attacked, as he knew they would any
minute, the Imperial forces would need this
position. Four Space Marine Rhinos sped
across the snow and ground to a halt beside
the emplacement, the ceramite doors sliding
smoothly back along oiled runners. Warm air
from inside the vehicles condensed as the
winter’s chill rushed to fill the troop
compartments. With practised precision the
Space Marines disembarked from their vehicles,
the Devastators immediately taking up firing
positions. When the Dark Eldar attacked, they
would find the Space Marines ready and
waiting for them.
%
“It is the purest folly to believe that an individual can save Armageddon. Wars are not won by heroes, they
are won by firepower and force, and the application of strategy and tactics.”

                                                                                          Commissar Yarrick
%
