Larkin saw movement again, clearly in the foggy, green glow of his scope.
He breathed, squared, and fired.
The stinging red pulse whipped down the ore slope, and a black-clad figure was thrown up and backwards.
Larkin immediately dipped under the edge of the rubble and took a new position. He was certain his
muzzle flash had been discreet, but there was no sense in advertising. He made hi new vantage and aimed
again, his extended barrel hidden inside a broken drain-gutter.
Lotin, ten metres away, fired. His las gun made a loud crack, and even from where he was, Larkin saw the
muzzle flash and cursed.
He heard Lotin complain over the vox-link. He’d missed.
Move, move, and re-aim! Larkin willed silently.
Lotin fired again. His whoop of success was quickly cut short by a perfectly aimed lasround from the spoil
below. The Zoicans had been watching for a repeat flash.
Lotin toppled back and slumped into the rubble scree on the floor, his face gone.
So, thought Larkin, they have capable and careful snipers too.
This war just got interesting.
%
Led by a howling mass of wild-eyed maniacs and flesh-scourged fanatics, a mighty army of the Imperial faith swept out from the yawnin
gates of the Citadel of Sorrow on Jehedda and fell upon the enemies of the Emperor without mercy or restraint.
%
“Let the butchery commence!
Decapitate and annihilate!
Let the red river flow!”

- Arboroath the Ever-Bloodied
%
“Life is not measured in years, but in the deeds of men.”
%
Listen not to the alien, look not upon the alien, speak not unto the alien
%
Logan Grimnar,
Bloody-handed warrior,
He piles the skulls of his enemies.
He builds a mound of the fallen.
His foes weep rivers of woe.

Logan Grimnar,
The strong wolf of the pack,
His sword hungers for red flesh.
His guns thirst for battle.
He laughs amidst the battle-din.
Logan Grimnar, father of wolves,
His sons hunt his enemies,
Slay them where they falter,
And bring their pelts to Fenris.

                         taken from
        “The Saga of Logan Grimnar”
%
LORD INQUISITOR GRÜNDVALD, on behalf CONCLAVE-CONSERVATI
       Thought begets heresy; heresy begets retribution.
%
“Look upon me and know that I can
slay you at will. You have no defense
save one: to look into the darkness at
the back of your own mind. There, you
will find Father Nurgle waiting to offer
you life in return for your submission.
Deny him, and you are mine.”
%
Lush green fields sped below the two skimming Saim-hann Falcon grav-tanks as
they hugged the contours of the land. Blurs of red and black, they smoothly
banked around a rocky outcrop and rose to crest a wooded ridge. Bright sunlight
glittered from the barrels of the skimmers’ pulse lasers and shuriken cannons.
While their kin fought the Mon-keigh on the eastern plains, the Falcons circled
around the flanks to bring death from behind. Each carried a squad of Howling
Banshees, Aspect Warriors whose skill in close combat was beyond compare. The
Falcon pilots knew that the crude tanks of the Mon-keigh were manoeuvring in
an attempt to intercept them, but their tracked vehicles were far too slow and
clumsy. They would not be successful and the Eldar would triumph.
%
