Mariner Weiss heard the screams
above the roar of the storm and
crash of the waves around the ship.
He checked the emergency
transmitter for the fifth time and
found it was still inoperative, before
drawing a laspistol and opening the
communications cabin door. Five
metres away from him along the
hallway a growling Hormagaunt sat
on the chest of an armsman,
gnawing at his throat. To Weiss it
looked like the worse parts of a
wood scorpion and a redback-
hunting lizard, only ten times bigger.

With a hiss it turned and leapt. Weiss
slammed the door but to his dismay
the creature had got its claws
between the door and the frame.
Weiss jabbed his laspistol into the
gap and fired frantically until the
snarling stopped, he then carefully
opened the door and fired two more
shots into the twitching monstrosity.
Stepping gingerly past it he made his
way carefully to the main deck to
report to the captain.

Across the night sky the engorged
clouds dispensed an endless torrent
of viscous green globules which
pulsated as they fell.

The Faithful Traveller was 400 klicks
out from Mhakkan and still some 700
klicks from its destination port,
Kirishi, in the middle of the roughest,
coldest ocean on the planet. The
spores had been dropping for the
three days during which the Faithful
Traveller had been at sea. They had
listened to the broadcasts but it had
never occurred to them that they
could be in danger this far off the
coast.

Even here, though, the crew was
falling to the Tyranids. Unknown viral
conditions, fevers brought on by the
oppressive, unseasonable
temperatures and finally the horror of
facing the Hormagaunts released
when a spore hit the ship. After the
one he had killed there were still nine
unaccounted for lurking in the depths
of the super-freighter. Other things
were in the ocean too - the
engineers reported scratching noises
against the hull. Even the water was
changing, a sickly purple crust
spread for miles across the ocean
like a mauve plague. Weiss saw
Captain Balfour and doubled towards
him trying to stay icy calm, but he
couldn’t shake the thought that this
wasn’t their planet any more.
%
                       MORIAR THE CHOSEN

On the corpse-strewn fields of
Glamorga, Captain Moriar of the
Blood Angels fell in battle,
grievously wounded unto death and
beyond even the lore of the Chapter’s
Sanguinary Priests. At a loss to save
his mortal remains, his flesh was
interred within the armoured shell of
the Dreadnought constructed by the
master artificer, Brother Morleo.
Moriar is not the first to inhabit this
magnificent machine and will no
doubt not be the last. Upon
regaining his senses, it became clear
that Moriar’s battle fury had not
abated and his psyche was wracked
with visions of Sanguinius. The
Black Rage consumed him, but Moriar survived its ravages and
continues to fight alongside his battle brothers in the forefront
of every assault. It is rumoured that the Red Thirst has
claimed Moriar and that the Chapter’s armourers have modified
his Dreadnought in order that he may drink deeply of this
vital fluid of life.
%
Most revered Prioress Helena (the Virtuous) of Convent Sanctorum,

My commendations go to your Sisters of the Order of the Valorous Heart in their
undertakings against the heretical infidels infesting Hive Tumulus on Farglum.
The Holy Order’s response to my request was most prompt, making planetfall less
than a week after my entreaty was directed to them.

The fury of their righteous anger was exemplary, and countless souls were returned to
the Emperor through the purifying fire of the weapons and strength of their
unyielding faith.

Through their actions, the hive was purged of its blasphemous perversions, and the so-called Cult
Epicurean was all but eradicated. The last few of its foul ‘prophets’ and apostates have fled deep within
the abyss of the underhive, where my companions and I pursue them still.

The holy fury displayed by the Canonness Brigitta and her Sisters was devastating to the unholy cultists.
An inspiration to behold! The terror they induced amongst the corrupted hivers caused a wave of devotion to
spread through the hive. Praise be to the Emperor! The sacred Order of the Virtuous Heart are a credit to the
Ecclesiarchy, and indeed to the Imperium as a whole.

                                 Inquisitor Scallen, Ordo Hereticus, 0425085.M41
%
Mutants, they call us. Freaks. Monsters. Their dull eyes see the truth of divinity, nor
their stunted minds comprehend the magnificence and beauty of our ascended forms.
%
“Myriad are the ways of war. The lightning strike, the tenacious defence, the cunning ruse; all have their time and
place, oft as not dictated by the lie of the land or balance of forces that you find at your disposal. The art of war
is learning how to bind the tactics, terrain and forces at your command to your advantage.”

                                                                                                     Imperium Tactica
%
