Quietly, the quintet of ochre-clad troops picked their way down the
corridor of the bombed-out workshop, moving through the dust-
filled air, but Gol Kolea could hear the hollow crackle of their terse
vox-signals barking back and forth.

He slid back into cover and made a hand gesture that his company
could read. They moved back, swallowed by the shadows and the
dust.

Gol let five troopers advance down the corridor far enough until
the last one was standing on the false flooring. Then he connected
the bare end of the loose wire in his hand to the terminals of the
battery pack.

The concussion mine tore out a length of the corridor and
obliterated the last trooper where he stood, tearing the one directly
in front of him into pieces with fragments of shrapnel and shards of
bone from his exploded comrade.

The other three fell, then scrambled up, firing blind in the smoke.
Bright, darting bars of las-fire pierced the smoke cover like reef fish
scudding through cloudy water.

Gol smashed out his fake wall and came down on the first of them
from the rear, swinging the hook-bill of his axe-rake down through
helmet and skull.

Sergeant Haller dropped down from the ceiling joists where he had
been crouching and felled another of them, killing him with point-
blank shots from his autopistol as his bodyweight flattened the
trooper.

The remaining Zoican switched to full auto and swung wild. His
withering close-range shots punched right through a flak-board
wall partition and blew the guts and things out of the Machinesmith
Vidor, who had been waiting to spring out from behind it.

Nessa came out of cover under some loose sacking and slammed
the rock-knife into the back of the Zolcan’s neck. She held on,
screaming and yanking at the blood-slick knife-grip as the trooper
bucked convulsively. By the time he dropped, his head was nearly
sawn off.

Gol hurried forward, pricking Nissa up and pulling her off the
corpse. She handed the bloody rock knife to him, shaking.

‘Keep it,’ he mouthed. She nodded. Eardrums ruptured by a close
shell on the seventh day, she would never hear again without
expensive up-hive surgery and implants.
 
‘You did good,’ Gol signed. She smiled, but the fear in her eyes and
the blood on her face diffused the power of the expression and
diluted the beauty of the young woman.

‘Not so easy,’ she signed back. Being now unable to modulate the
volume of her own voice, she’d learned to sign her remarks early
on.

Gol looked round. Haller and the other members of Gol’s team had
recovered four working lasguns, two laspistols and a bunch of
ammunition webs from the dead by then.

‘Go! Move!’ Gol ordered. He took a last look at Vidor’s corpse and
nodded a moment of respect. He had liked Vidor. He wished the
brave machinesmith had found the chance to fight. Then he
followed his company out.
%
