Rather than flying into combat, the
Chaos Lord landed on the ramp to the
courtyard and ran towards Fane in a low
crouch. The first Guardsmen thrust too
soon, a slight twist of Gorsameth’s left
claw deflected the bayonet, and before
the Guardsmen could recover his
weapon the right claw raked his throat
and he fell, gurgling, to the floor. The
second Guardsmen was more careful,
waiting for the traitor’s rush before
stabbing. His bayonet glanced off the
ceramite breastplate, jarring his
shoulders and entangling in the raptor
jump pack wing. A lightning swift slice
of the assailant’s claws cut off his
hands, leaving the lasgun dangling
from the towering Night Lord. With a
sudden change of balance, Gorsameth
kicked out, sending a crate of
ammunition that must have weighed as
much as a man flying at the surviving
Cadians. The last Guardsmen,
Corporal Reille, shouldered Fane aside
and grunted as the crate smashed into
him. He’d already thrown away his
flamer, and a long fighting knife with a
notched wooden handle was in his
hand. Instinctively he dropped, rolling
with the crate’s impact just as the claws
parted the air above him. Stabbing
upward, he grappled with Gorsameth,
desperation granting him the
strength to hold back the massive
Chaos Marine and shout “Captain,
Now!” Back on guard, Captain Fane
raised his power sword and saw that
Gorsameth’s guard was down as he
shifted his grip on the brave
Guardsmen, his barbed claws slicing
through armour.

From a nearby street the Sorcerer
Asuramandos watched the battle
through his minds’ eye, and spoke
quietly, “No, not before we have your
soul,” he said, his body tensing briefly
and then relaxing.

In the precinct house courtyard, Fane’s
hand twisted involuntarily on the hilt as
the blade descended, catching
Gorsameth with the flat of the blade
only. The next thing Fane heard was
the Guardsmen being crushed in
Gorsameth’s cold bearhug. Reille’s
bones cracked and he was dropped
like a broken rag doll at Fane’s feet.
Fane stood alone, his sword hanging
limply by his side, the bodies of his
platoon stretching out before him. He
felt despair and terror all around him
like a shroud as the gaze of the Chaos
Lord fell upon him. The urge to cower
and beg, to promise anything to
prevent his doom welled up inside him.
Just then, his eyes glimpsed the
banner of the 122ⁿᵈ lying in the dirt
and a decade of martial pride pushed
the tendrils of dark sorcery from his
mind. Straightening, he met
Gorsameth’s gaze and spat “Traitor!”
before the claws tore out his heart.
%
Redeploying through a narrow glacial defile, Celestians of the Order of Our Martyred Lady disembark from their Immolator transport. Placing
themselves between their Canoness and the fleet Aeldari raiders, they will ensure that the xenos soon learn to fear the Emperor’s judgement.
%
"Remember: short, controlled bursts."
%
‘Remember this, always. Heinous actions do not lead an individual towards heresy. Rather, it is a heretical soul
that makes one's actions heinous. The heretic cannot be forgiven, for it is their spirit that is corrupted, and
they shall never walk in the Emperor's light. Do not hate the sin, my Sisters. Hate the sinner.’

                                        - Canoness Superior Junith Eruita, 2nd address of the Battle for Mathwyr
%
Rocks are not ‘free’, citizen.

Firstly, you must manoeuvre the Emperor’s naval vessel within the asteroid belt, almost
assuredly sustaining damage to the Emperor’s ship’s paint from micrometeoroids, while
expending the Emperor’s fuel.

The the Tech Priests must inspect the rock in question to ascertain its worthiness to
do the Emperor’s bidding. Should it pass muster, the Emperor’s Servitors must use the
Emperor’s auto-scrapers and melta-cutters to prepare the potential ordinance for
movement. Finally, the Tech Priests finished, the Emperor’s officers may begin
manoeuvring the Emperor’s warship to abut the asteroid at the prepared face (expending
yet more of the Emperor’s fuel), and then begin boosting the stone towards the offensive
planet.

After a few days of expending a prodigious amount of Emperor’s fuel to accelerate
the asteroid into an orbit more fitting to the Emperor’s desires, the Emperor’s ship
may then return to the planet via superluminous warp travel and await the arrival of
the stone, still many weeks (or months) away.

After twiddling away the Emperor’s time and eating the Emperor’s food in the wasteful
pursuit of making sure that the Emperor’s enemies do not launch a deflection mission,
they may finally watch the ordinance impact the planet (assuming that the Emperor’s ship
does not need to attempt any last-minute course correction upon the rock, using yet more
of the Emperor’s fuel).

Given a typical (class Bravo-CVII) system, we have the following:
              Two months, O&M, Titan class warship:             4.2 Million Imperials
              Two months, rations, crew of same:                0.2 MI
              Two months, Tech Priest pastor:                   1.7 MI
              Two months, Servitor parish:                      0.3 MI
              Paint, Titan class warship:                       2.5 MI
              Dihydrogen peroxide fuel:                         0.9 MI
              Total:                                            9.8 MI

Contrasted with the following:
              5 warheads, magna-melta:                          2.5 MI
              One day, O&M, Titan class warship:                0.3 MI
              One day, rations, crew of same:                   0.0 MI
              Dihydrogen peroxide fuel:                         0.1 MI
              Total:                                            2.9 MI

Given the same result with under one third of the cost, the Emperor will have saved a
massive amount of His most sacred money and almost a full month of time, during which
His warship may be bombarding an entirely different planet.

The Emperor, through this - His Office of Imperial Outlays - hereby
orders you to attend one (1) week of therapeutic accountancy
training/penance. Please report to Areicon IV, Imperial City,
Administratum Building CXXI, Room 1456, where you are to sit in
the BLUE chair.

For the Emperor,

Burusarius Tenathis,

Purser Level XI,

Imperial Office of Outlays.
%
ROSARIUS

A rosarius contains a conversion
field generator that amplifies the
spiritual will of the wearer into a
physical shield of energy. Each is a
treasured relic of Imperial technology
bestowed only upon those who have
proven themselves to be possessed of
a worthy soul. Amongst the Adepta
Sororitas, a rosarius has further
significance as symbol of the pact
made between the Daughters of the
Emperor and Goge Vandire. It was by
Vandire’s rosarius that the Daughters
were swayed to his cause, yet the
same rosarius failed him when he was
revealed as a traitor. The weight of a
rosarius hanging around a Canoness’
side is a constant reminder that true
faith requires eternal vigilance against
the faithless.
%
Rubble crunched underfoot as Sergeant Rojo of
the Savlar Chem-Dogs ghosted through the
smoke, breathing heavily through his respirator
with its characteristic hiss. He bellied forward
toward the ridge; they were near the bunker and
only three of his squad had fallen to enemy
snipers. Easy job. His scarred, weather-beaten face
twisted into a vicious smile as he motioned his
men to join him across the bubbling rivers of
waste; the rebel filth in the bunker were still
oblivious to their presence. He heard his squad’s
heavy black boots splashing toward him through
the mire as he pulled a pair of krak grenades
from his bulky pack. Suddenly, a barrage of
artillery shells whistled overhead. The blast
pitched the hulking form of Estrone to the
floor, his back ripped to shreds by shrapnel.
Good, though Rojo; I never liked that fat waste
of space anyway. The weaselly form of Slavro
pounced on Estrone’s corpse, pliers on hand, and
yanked out the gold incisors the bruiser was so
proud of in a small spray of blood. Rojo’s face
contorted in disgust. He’d had his eye on those.

Ahead, he saw the silhouettes of several Savlar
Chem-Riders in the smoke. Their ungainly
steeds loped through hissing rivers of toxic
sludge as they took up position. “Janssen! Get
up here with that flamer!” he spat, and his
troopers closed around him in a tight knot as
the shabby figure of Janssen pulled down his
goggles, his manic gaze meeting Rojo’s in silent
acknowledgment. The role of flame trooper was
an arsonist’s dream.

Rojo’s krak grenades arced overhead, blowing a
hole in the side of the bunker even as Janssen
led the charge, his bulky flame cylinder clanking
against his pack. Rojo screamed in defiance as
las-rounds whipped around him, his heartbeat
slamming in his chest. Janssen reached the wall,
pushed the nozzle of the flamer into the
smoking hole and released a massive spear of
burning promethium, the flamer’s roar drowning
out the desperate screams of the bunker’s
inhabitants. Flame licked from the bunker’s
firing slits, and Rojo had to pull Janssen free
before he expended all his fuel in a destructive
frenzy.

Laspistol in hand, Rojo led his squad into the
bunker, putting a shot through the forehead of a
writhing, burning body on the left of the
entrance and another into the torso of a soldier
curled in a foetal ball, clawing with blackened
hands at his wrecked face. Rojo’s practiced gaze
swept the bunker; just a bunch of stiffs, nothing
of any real value, more’s the pity. Checking the
dog tags of the corpse at his feet, Rojo scooped
up its helmet and put it on ad his men filed in,
folding down the comm-bead and opening a
channel with a filth-encrusted finger. Bingo, the
right size, he though, and still nice and warm.

“Ah…yeah, this is…er… Avoir. All clear, threat
neutralised, they charged the bunker but we got
’em. Avoir out.” He leant against a wall and
rolled a cigarette with the black, stringy tobacco
he had borrowed from Commissar Yendl’s
pocket. Taldac was sitting in the dirt, busily
strapping on a new pair of boots taken from the
barefooted carcass next to him. Slavro was
industriously scalping the dead with a filthy
knife; he knew a skintrader back in Rubble City.
Disciplinary offence, though Rojo, as he lit his
roll-up on the flickering flames of a still-
burning corpse. That knife was in my knapsack
two minutes ago.
%
