SANCTIFIED
CARTOGRAPHIC
REPRESENTATION OF THE
BLESSED IMPERIUM BESET.
THIS ILLUMINATION
PRODUCED BY AUTO-
SCRIPTORUM ARTISANAL
SERVITOR UNIT C4SSO-K.
%
Sergeant Curtis stabbed his bayonet
through the head of a Termagant, pulling
the trigger to blast its body clear. He
could hear an ominous rattling from
somewhere on the other side of the
defensive wall, but didn’t have time to
wonder what it might be as another
Termagant attempted to tear out his
throat. He shot the beast in the belly
and staggered as a massive impact
thundered into the compound’s exterior
wall. Man-killing chunks of plascrete
tumbled from the wall and Curtis
watched in horror as a massive,
segmented body pushed its snake-like
bulk over the smashed remnants of the
defences. It’s enormous forelimbs ended
in gigantic, razor claws, blazing coronas
of electrical energy arcing downwards
into the terrified Imperial Guardsmen,
burning them to death where they stood.

The vast monster reared up on its
bloated body, as though taking a deep
breath and the coruscating halo of blue
fire surrounding its claws began
expanding, growing brighter and more
intense. Curtis screamed a warning and
turned to run, but it was already too
late. A blinding geyser of blue-white
electrical flame erupted from between the
beast’s talons, fountaining through the
ranks of his terrified soldiers. Curtis ran
for his life, but the Trygon’s discharge
washed over him seconds later. The
electrical inferno instantly seared the
flesh from his bones, his blackened
skeleton running through the flames for
another two strides before finally
collapsing in a smoking pile of scorched
bones.
%
Sergeant Hastor’s squad advanced at a
tortuously slow pace
through the dense,
insect-ridden forest
undergrowth. Why
a regiment
founded on arid mining world would
be posted here, the sergeant didn’t dare
ponder; far be it for the non-
commissioned ranks to fathom the
workings of the Departmento Munitorum.

From further down the trail came a
sudden outburst of angry shouts, soon
turning to terrified screams.

Hastor ordered his squad forward, hearing
the rest of the platoon on either side
charging headlong towards the sounds of
battle. The last scream died as Hastor and
his squad broke through the line of bushes
into a wide, sunbathed clearing. The
entire squad came to a shocked
halt as the guardsmen took in
the scene before them.

Strewn about the ground were
the bodied of the rebels. Crouched
over each body was a tall, savage
alien, and they seemed to be…

Someone vomited. Hastor levelled his
lasgun at the nearest alien and his squad
followed his unspoken order, nine lasguns
each acquiring a target.

The nearest alien turned its blood-flecked
face towards the sergeant, fixing its
predatory gaze on him for what seemed
an age. Finally it issued a long, sibilant
hiss that in any language could only be
considered a warning.

Hastor stumbled back, his squad raising
their weapons…

“Hold your fire!” The captain came
striding into the clearing, his command
group spreading out and forcing the
horrified guardsmen to lower their
weapons.

“They’re on our side!”
%
                    SETH, CHAPTER MASTER
                    OF THE FLESH TEARERS,
                    GUARDIAN OF THE RAGE

Chapter Master Seth has presided
over the Chapter of the Flesh
Tearers for over 100 years. In his
time he has experienced many
great victories, but has also seen
too many of his battle brothers
fall to the Black Rage. He has
earned a great degree of enmity
with most other Imperial armies
he has fought alongside. Imperial Guard and Adepta Sororitas
commanders are often simply ignored, whilst other Marines
grow frustrated with Seth’s impetuous desire to instantly
destroy all enemies.

In battle, Seth can always be found in the vanguard of his
forces, leading his Marines through incredible acts of savagery
and bloodshed. When the Flesh Tearers’ presence is not
required on the battlefield, he becomes stern and dour, forever
preoccupied with the doom he now believes is impossible for
his Chapter to avoid.
%
SHIELD OF FAITH

Conviction is the greatest armour.
%
Shouting verses of fiery inspiration, Sister Superior Saerren fills her warriors with zealotry as they cleave through Aeldari invaders among murky
swamps and lethal alien flora. The Asuryani claim the world through racial heritage, the Adepta Sororitas through the Emperor’s right.
%
“Since the time of The Fall,
our race has been haunted by what we,
in our reckless pursuit of hedonistic indulgence,
gave birth to. Though our dreams once overturned
worlds and quenched suns, we are now but fitful
shadows clinging to the edge of existence. All the stars in
the sky cannot blot out the hateful glare of the Red Moon’s
Eye. The birthing place of The Great Enemy pulses with all the
malice of a daemon that is dreaming, casting its shadow over
all we have ever done and all we ever shall. Every twisted strand
of Fate and casting of the Runes leads me to this time, to this
place, and it is clear that the final battle awaits me to this time, to this
Crone Worlds. A conflict the likes of which has not been seen
since the Mon-Keigh warred amongst themselves, and their corpse
of a seer fell to his traitorous son, is coming and all my steps lead
towards it, no matter that I walk other paths. I see the stars
stained red with the blood of the Mon-Keigh and, though their
wars do not concern me and I would gladly let them destroy one
another, I know that to avoid this fight is to condemn my race
to inevitable doom. And though all I see is darkness, I know
that I will not flinch from my destiny.”

                                                            Eldrad Ulthran -
                                                Farseer of Ulthwé Craftworld
%
Sister Aliesha sang lustily along with the devotional hymns
reverberating from the loudspeakers attached to the hull of the
Immolator tank as it neared the mob of men in the marble
flagged square. Thinking they had the holy shrine surrounded,
the rebel planetary defence troopers swarmed around the shrine
of Our Lady of the Perpetual Martyr. Their raucous cries were
drowned out by the singing of the charging Battle Sisters.
Squads of Seraphims descended from the armoured buttresses of
the vast cathedral, bolt pistols chattering a litany of death as the
explosive bolts impacted deep into unarmoured flesh.

One of the rebel troopers recognised the armament of the
Immolator as it rumbled steadily towards enemy lines. Shorn of
the long-range firepower of the Adeptus Astartes tanks, the
flamethrower tank required proximity to fulfil its role as
purifier of the heretics. Autogun fire ricocheted from the front
of the tank, and Aliesha heard a clank as the top hatch of the
Immolator was thrown open. Sister Bacharia swung her heavy
bolter out of the passenger compartment, sending a continual
stream of large calibre explosive bolts into the heretics assailing
the sides of the tank. They were close to surrounding her now.
At Aliesha’s signal, Sister Bacharia ducked back inside and
closed the top hatch. Aliesha thumbed the button that fired up
the ignition flame of the Inferno cannon and flexed her
gauntleted fingers on the trigger mechanism. The holy fire of
her weapon, blessed this very morning by the Canoness, would
soon show these blasphemous fools the error of their ways.
%
Sisters of the Order of the Ebon Chalice advance across the eastern tremorfields of Baighus III, eradicating the numerous heretical cults
infesting the wasteland and purifying the ground they take with cleansing flames.
%
“Some called him a monster, a madman. Indeed the line between ecstatic determination and insane ruthlessness is vague
and wavering. It is true that he ordered the bombardment of worlds until they submitted. It is also true that he
would have driven his men into the jaws of death for all eternity had they not finally grown weary. It is true that he
would sometimes order the butchering of whole worlds that opposed his force. But this was not all that he was. He was
magnanimous in victory and many were the times he spared a world that had impressed him with its courage and resolve.
He was a deeply spiritual men too, driven ever onwards for the greater glory of the Emperor, not only his own fame. He
was consumed by his desires, a passionate man who was willing to pay any price to fulfil his dreams of conquest. The
Imperium needed such a man at that time, as it stood on the threshold of greatness once again. The Apostasies had passed,
the Treaty of Ceres had reunited Earth and Mars once again and the Conclave of Mount Amalath was witness to such
great promises. He was the man to fulfil those promises, to stretch out the Emperor’s grasp once more. It was he who
dragged the reborn Imperium through the fires of battle, screaming a new birth cry as its golden age came about, the
zenith of Mankind’s power. Without him, who is to say what might not have come to pass, what doubts would have been
seeded in the heart of the Imperium once more. No-one can dare say they think of him without humble gratitude for the
marvels he performed. Many men have been dubbed insane for putting into practice what many Saints have preached. Solar
Macharius was such a man.”

                                                                   Extract from General Sejanus’ ‘Breaching the Darkness’
%
“Some people think that cityfighting is all the same, but I can tell you isn’t. In Vogen we had to fight the rebels on the
streets, in buildings, and in the sewers, and every street, building and sewer was different. We were ordered to capture
cityblocks, clear strong-points, or defend a building at all costs, and every mission was different. There were more ways
to fight than there are planets in the Imperium, and even more ways to die…”

                                                                            Veteran Sergeant Hessel, 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
%
“Some says we’z Feral, nomadz they calls uz. I just say
we’z always marching, konkering we iz…”

                                  Warlord Snagga Snagga
%
Soric, his hip braced on his axe-rake crutch, leaned down and slid his paper-gloved hands under the armpits
of a blackened, legless corpse.
As he stirred it, it groaned.

“Medic! Medic!” he sang out, pulling back from the ruined thing he had been touching.
A thickest medic pushed through the milling crowd, a man in his 50s with a silver beard and the look of
an off-worlder about him. Under his hall-issue crimson apron he wore black fatigues and Guard-issue boots.
“Alive?” the medic asked Soric.
“me, I suppose so. Tried to move him.”

The medic took out, a flexible tube, put one end to his ear and the other to the blackened torso.
“Dead. You must have squeezed air out of the lungs when you lifted him.”
Soric nodded as the medic stood up, folding his scope-tube away into his shoulder-slung pack.
“You’re off-world, right?” asked Soric.
“What?” asked the medic, distracted.
“Off-worlder?”

The medic nodded curtly. “Tanith First, Chief medic”
Soric stuck out a hand, then pulled the paper glove off it. “Thank you,” he said.
The medic paused, surprised, then took the hand and shook it.
“Dorden, Gaunt’s First-and-Only.”
%
“Strike fast and suddenly. Attack without warning. Secure victory
before the foe is aware of his danger. Remember always, a war is
easily won if your enemy does not know he is fighting.”

                                     Lord General Solar Macharius
%
Sweet merciful Emperor, the secrets of the
Black Library unlocked by the sorcerer
of the Red Cyclops! Better that Czevak
has perished to some foul xeno creature than
fall into his clutches. I shall mobilise the 34ᵗʰ
Gudrunite Rifles and petition the
Chapter Master of the Iron Hands
for his warriors’ aid.

I pray I am not too late.
%
