Take care, lest your protests grow tiresome. I have
asked for so little! Anyone would think that I had
asked you to sacrifice yourselves and your sons! And
yet, in Slaanesh’s boundless and pleasing mercy, I have
asked only for your daughters. Surely you would not
deny me my small enjoyments?

                    - Tyrell, Renegade Lord of Arden IX
%
The air was far worse than humid, and
tiny droplets of viscous liquid hung
suspended in the tepid atmosphere like
static rain. Three weeks had passed
since the rift had opened upon the
agri-world of Hubris IV, and Chaos
ran rife through what was once a sane
and productive planet. Now the
landscape itself actually breathed like
some monstrous beast, the black
column of Death Korps marching
across acres of puckered skin and
through forests of thick, slime-covered
hair.

Veteran Sergeant Mahler knew full
well why his superiors had requested
to be transferred here. The minions of
Chaos epitomised weakness, especially
those that revered this particular god,
and must be eradicated. No matter that
they had lost most of their company
to starvation and disease. They would
bring the Emperor’s grace back to this
world.

At a curt command from the front of
the column, the Death Korps fanned
out into a battle line as doctrine
dictated. The armoured support, a
resplendent symbol of the Emperor’s
might, took up its positions. Imperial
pennants and skull-emblazoned banners
fluttered in the breeze above rank
upon rank of black greatcoats. For a
second, all was still.

Without warning, there was a deafening
scream, and all hell broke loose.

Countless fleshy mouths were peeling
open in the ground ahead. Clambering
out of the foul orifices were all
manner of monstrosities, a catalogue of
perversion and insanity. The lasguns of
the Death Korps opened fire, searing
into daemon flesh in as perfect a
firing drill as displayed on the
subterranean rifle ranges of their home
planet. Coalescing in the air mere feet
ahead, a horned, dripping head leered
out from the ether, straining forward
to catch the trooper next to Mahler in
its distended jaws. Mahler and his
squad took out the thing’s eyes, firing
pointblank as it came for him, the
ghastly apparition dissipating at the last
second as his bayonet punctured its
bulging forehead.

The tide of atrocities spilling across the
ground was closing fast, a gestalt
entity of lascivious flesh and gibbering
faces. To the fight, a troupe of clawed
demon-hags danced and slithered
forward, their sensuous bodies writhing
obscenely. One of them headed toward
Mahler, its grinning features twisting
into a foul parody of a woman from
his past. Its aura of evil beauty was
overpowering. Claws raised, it reared
back to strike. Mahler shot it in the
mouth.

Shouting praise to the Emperor, the
Death Korps blew apart daemon upon
daemon, their grotesque forms
liquefying and running like quicksilver
across the dermal landscape. Many-
limbed flesh-scorpions clambered
across the bodies of the fallen, their
barbed tails stabbing spasmodically into
anything that still drew breath. Battle
tanks thundered shells into the gaping
maw-portals that had vomited forth
the Chaos filth, the landscape
shuddering in pain with each titanic
detonation. Lasguns sliced through
unprotected flesh time and time again,
the air sizzling with the stench of
battle. And yet not one of the Death
Korps hesitated in his duty. Mahler
expected nothing less.

On the left flank, a flock of daemons
wheeled towards them, their long
limbed bipedal steeds carrying the
screeching riders at shocking speed
towards a weakened spot in the Death
Korps’s line. Just as Mahler feared they
would hit home, the Krieg Death
Riders swept over a fleshy ridge,
sonorous voices rising above the
deafening howling of the daemons in a
battlecry of devotion and rage. Hunting
lances burst through the flanks of the
daemonic cavalry, massive discharges of
energy tearing apart the lithe creatures
and bowling their riders to the ground.
The daemons had the advantage of
numbers, and reacted quickly.
Contemptuously, one Daemonette
pivoted gracefully and snipped off the
head of a Kreig steed with a vicious
claw, another smashing a Death-Rider
from his saddle before sinking its
teeth into the face of his mount. But
the Death-Riders had earnt their
formidable reputation for a reason,
their wounded steeds regaining their
feet, sparks flying from the damaged
machinery implanted in the resilient
beasts. The Death Riders plunged back
into melee, fighting with renewed
ferocity.

The orgy of carnage seemed only to
encourage the remaining daemons.
Mahler was shocked to see a gigantic,
many armed nightmare burst from the
ground in a spray of light and blood,
its elongated face bellowing a deafening
battlecry. The cry was answered by
mass lasfire, a hundred guns spitting
defiance at the beast. It strode toward
their lines, paying as much heed to
the Guardsmen as a grox would to a
lashfly. Firing on full auto now,
Mahler caught a glimpse of a Leman
Russ with a damaged turret speeding
forward toward the Greater Daemon on
what was obviously a collision course,
well away from the battleline. The
Daemon was inhumanly fast, and
smushed one of its claws down into
the turret, peeling it open as if it
were paper. Its other claw neatly
snipped the barrels from the tank’s
guns. The thing was on the hull in
the blink of an eye, its lithe limbs
working fast as it peeled back the
armour, intent on feasting on the souls
of the guardsmen inside. It pushed its
head into the hole torn in the hull, its
gurgling laugh running through the
psyche of every one of the Death
Korps in a contusion of psychic pain.
For a moment, time seemed to halt.

With perfect clarity, Mahler saw one
of the tank crew turn calmly and
discharge his laspistol into the stacked
battle cannon shells by the loading
breach.

The resultant explosion was
cataclysmic, a vast mushroom of noise,
light and dust. It annihilated not only
the tank and the Greater Daemon, but
slaughtered hundreds of its nearby
minions. The remainder were in
disarray, howling as the ground
buckled and split, lesions appearing in
a thousand places.

As one, the Death Korps of Krieg,
charged.
%
The basilica was open to the sky. Shells had torn
away the intricate arches which had once
towered overhead. Now, ugly, storm-black clouds
crowded above, the thunder in their bellies drowned out by
the continuous bombardment of the Emperor’s palace.
But the Chaplain’s voice still rang out clear and proud over
the tumult.

“’So be sanctified with the blessings
of our beloved Emperor, Saviour of Mankind. With your
blade you shall challenge the darkness, conquer the
shadows, cast back those who have given themselves
over to corruption and infamy. Destroy those who have
declared themselves as champions of the Ruinous
Powers. Preserve what was from the depredations of the
Arch-Heretic Horus’”

Three heavy explosions nearby shook the crumbling
walls. Chunks of debris rained down onto the worn flags
around where Brother Sigismund of the Imperial Fists
knelt, his black power sword raised hilt-first in supplication.
Neither he nor Chaplain Akrida flinched, nor the
assembled squad of Battle Brothers. Such things were to
be expected this close to
the traitors’ breakthrough. Chaplain Akrida placed the last
purity seal upon the Imperial Fists Space Marine’s
blackened power armour. Brother Sigismund bowed his
head once more before rising to his armoured feet. As
one, the assembled Space Marines turned and filed into
the Rhino waiting outside.

The Rhino was as cramped as it was noisy, rattling over
rubble and shell holes towards the breach. Brother
Sigismund gazed at the worn, pinched looking faces of his
fellow Space Marines, warriors of the Imperial Fists
Legion who had fought against the Traitor Legions. His heart
swelled with pride that Rogal Dorn himself, Primarch of
the Imperial Fists, had chosen Sigismund to be a
champion of the Emperor. Only one thing disturbed him.

“Father Akrida, though I am humbled by the honour
bestowed upon me, it still seems wrong to obscure the
sacred colours of the Legion.”

“Fear not Brother Sigismund, Dorn itself ordered it to be
so. Your heraldry has been changed to black to show that
you serve the Emperor himself directly, as do myself and
my fellow chaplains. As such you are marked out in the
sight of the Emperor.”

Before Sigismund could reply the Rhino lurched to a halt.
The Imperial Fists

clamped on helmets and hefted their bolters with practiced
ease, leaping out the access doors without hesitation.

Beyond lay a scene of carnage, of hell on Earth.

A river of foulness was pouring through a breach in the
mile-high palace wall. Fighting machines and troops forced
themselves through the gap, corrupted banners swaying,
foul, winged abominations flapping above. Imperial artillery
was ranged in on the breach, administering a fearful
execution as giant shells smashed flesh and metal into an
unidentifiable pulp, but still they came. The titanic roars of
men, beasts and explosions melded into a single
cacophony of horror, the air reeked with the smell of
cordite, oil and blood. A swaying, crumbling line of Imperial
tanks and soldiery struggled to contain the horde, their
weapons blasting into the masses at point blank range as
the fiercest traitors rallied and charged again and again.

Thick black smoke coiled over the scene as Sigismund
and his brethren pounded towards a pint where the
Imperial line was cracking, thinning to nothing beneath the
reason why. One of the accursed ones, a once blessed
Space Marine who had given himself as a champion to the
foul gods of Chaos was leading the assault. His dark
masters had marked him as their own and he towered
above his twisted followers, wreathed in dark majesty.
Blood-red horns curved from a helm which had become a
death mask, skulls swung from chains about his waist in
grinning testimony to his corruption. The Chaos champion
swung a whirling chain-axe in each fist, and the men of the
Emperor fell before him alike wheat before a scythe.

Sigismund could feel a rush of what felt like murder-lust
upon him, but realised that it was pure abhorrence which
consumed him. Here was one who had pledged his very
life in the service of the Emperor and now betrayed that
oath in the most base way imaginable. Words spilled from
his lips unbidden.

“GUARD YOURSELF TRAITOR! IN THE NAME OF THE
EMPEROR, YOU DIE THIS DAY!”

The horned helm turned and its red-eyed glare blazed at
him. A guttural beast-voice roared back.

“AT LAST! I’VE PRAYED FOR WORTHY MEAT. I SHALL
GIVE YOUR BLOOD TO KHORNE AND YOUR SKULL
SHALL BE MINE!”

Bolt shells snarled between the two forces as they
crashed together, a horrible collision of blades, bodies and
armour, split skulls and gaping wounds.

None dared bar Sigismund’s righteous fury as he charged
at the Chaos champion. Razor-teeth whirled as the axes
swept down on him. Faster than thought he parried the
first, but the second clove into his shoulder armour. The
blade howled and smoked as it ripped into the thick
ceramite before glancing off in a shower of sparks. The
Chaos champion wielded the heavy axes as if they were
straws, hacking and slashing like a mad butcher. Another
cut laid open Sigismund’s belly-armour, a fourth bit deep
into his chest and bright blood flowed as he knocked the
axe away. Sigismund staggered and almost fell.

“You are as doomed as your false Emperor,” spat the
horned one as he raised his axes for the decapitating blow.
Sigismund gripped his blade in both hands and whirled it
aloft. “And you are as deluded as your false god,” he
replied, slashing downward. Contemptuously, the Chaos
champion made to block the blow with his axes. But the
mighty blade was no normal sword. Ancient even when the
world was young, blessed by the Emperor’s grace it
smashed through both axes and on into the corrupted
champion. The Chaos champion staggered, blood welling
from his smashed death-mask. Sigismund lunged again
carving up under his armour and into his black heart.

The Chaos champion fell like a mighty oak, almost cloven
in two by the blow. Sigismund shouted a prayer of thanks
to the Emperor as he leapt over the corpse. There was still
much of the Emperor’s work to be done this day…
%
THE BATTLE FOR BLADEN
THE GOTHIC WAR - 143.M41
At the start of the Gothic War the Imperial Navy anchorage above the
Hive World of Bladen in the Lysades sub-sector was devastated by
Abaddon’s surprise attack. The Traitor Marines of the Black Legion
took the opportunity to attack Massena Hive. The Ecclesiarchy was
strong on Bladen and Massena was the site of their greatest
cathedral. The Mission of the Emperor Triumphant was the oldest
Ecclesiarchy building in the sub-sector, built on the side of an
Apothecarion said to have been founded during the Great Crusade it
was a place where the Emperor himself was believed to have trod.

The Chaos fleet subjected the hive to a sustained bombardment, the
city shield held but the Imperial forces in the city were blinded to
events outside. The Black Legion landed as close to Massena as the
subterranean rail-link running from Massena to Tegus hive. Passing
beneath the shield the rail-link was secured by a series of massive
gates, these were opened by insurgents to admit Abaddon’s forces.

Before the Cathedral was the Square of Final Redemption,
surrounded on the other three sides by the towering buildings of the
Administratum. In the square the men of the 35ᵗʰ Cadian threw a line
of improvised defences across the approaches and took their stand
at the foot of the steps leading up to the Cathedral gates, Cardinal
Andralios stood behind them under the Ecclesiarchal banner
surrounded by his Confessors.

The initial attack came in the north, the fortified Imperial Exchange
building was rocked by repeated salvos of missiles before a wave of
Black Legionaries swarmed through the desperate fire of the
defenders and using meltabombs forced entry in half a dozen places.
The Traitor Marines cleared a foothold with their flamers before
squads of vile Plague Marines forced their way in and crushed all
resistance. The defenders found the Plague Marines to be virtually
invulnerable and one by one they fell to the festering plague knives,
weakened by the aura of corruption and decay that shrouded their
enemies.

The roof of the Imperial Exchange was soon packed with Black
Legion havoc squads. Almost at once a firefight erupted across the
ancient plaza as the havocs engaged the Imperial forces around the
square. Suddenly he barricades blocking the roads entering the
square to either side of the Imperial Exchange were smashed aside
by lumbering Chaos Dreadnoughts leading a veritable sea of
summoned daemons. Everywhere the morale of the defenders
wavered. Only the forces gathered around the Cathedral kept their
nerve and buried themselves in the litany of loading and firing. The
daemonic horde was halted some fifty paces from the steps and then
driven back inexorably by the unceasing volley fire. The many
statues of saints and martyrs that adorned the square were
destroyed alongside the abominations of Chaos. The daemons
began to fade, their grip on the real universe waning under the
physical bombardment of the Guardsmen and the faith of the
Ecclesiarchy. Left alone the Chaos Dreadnoughts rampaged on but
were unable to break through the line although one overturned a
Leman Russ and set a clawed foot on the Cathedral steps before it
was destroyed.

As the last Dreadnought was reduced to mangled metal an unearthly
screech from above announced the arrival of the Chaos Raptors.
Dropping onto the Cathedral’s, retinue they were soon engaged in a
merciless hand to hand battle, which raged up and down the
smell of ozone mingled with daemons ichor and human fear. The
Black Legions’ Chaos Terminators had teleported into the thick of the
action. Their initial salvo cut through the Cardinal’s guards bringing
down Andralios’ banner along with the Cardinal himself. With his
death resistance crumbled.

The ways in which the Cathedral was defiled were gross and
barbarous. Thousand of citizens were slaughtered to complete the
desecration. Such was the horror that even after Abaddon’s
departure the city was a place of madness and corruption. The taint
of Chaos was upon it and in 159.M41, sixteen years after it fell to the
dark gods Massena was put to rest by a blessed Exterminatus at the
command of Lord Admiral Ravensburg and the Inquisitor Lord
Proccuppio Vex.
%
The beat of powerful wings, a sense of
dephtless sadness. That it should come to
this… comrades in arms locked in a battle to
the death. Then he saw him, his brother once,
his enemy now. Flashing blades and and
explosion of blood, screaming pain flaring
round his body like an electric charge and he…

…opened his eyes, sweat coating his
skin with an oily sheen, his mouth
filled with blood. He swallowed and
ran his tongue over his teeth, fighting
back the visions. But no matter how
hard he pushed them away, they were
always there, lurking at the back of his
mind. Brother Captain Erasmus Tycho
stood and turned to leave the chapel,
stopping as he saw Chaplain
Lemartes standing in the archway, his
face shrouded in the dancing shadows
cast by the electro-flambeaux.

“Were you seeing them again?” asked
Lemartes.


Tycho nodded slowly. “Yes…” he
whispered, “I see them even now, I
can feel his pain, it burns me.”

Lemartes approached Tycho and
placed his hands on his friend’s
shoulders. He had always known it
would come to this, but still he felt
sorrow. Fitting that it should come on
Armageddon. He could see Tycho’s
glassy eyed stare and knew that part
of his mind was no longer here in the
now but had been wrenched back to
the time of the Great Betrayal. To the
last battle of their Primarch
Sanguinius. To his death.


“Have they considered my… request?”
asked Tycho.

“They have, my friend,” replied
Lemartes sadly.

“And?”

“You shall have your wish, Erasmus.
The honour of leading the forlorn hope
into the Tempestora breach on the
morrow is yours. Come, I shall
perform the moripatris.”

                 *****

Arrayed in his newly painted black
armour, Tycho stared fixedly towards
the besieged Hive Tempestora as the
Chaplains moved amongst the men of
the forlorn hope, the first men into the
breach. The first men to die. He felt
his pulse race and his breathing
quicken… The Imperial palace was in ruins
thousand were dead… He blinked and
watched as vast bellied Gargants…
Daemon visaged Titans stalked through the
rubble of Terra like predatory gods, killing and
destroying all in their path… lurched into
firing positions before the hive.
Somewhere in the cratered hell before
him was the enemy who had horribly
disfigured him all those years ago…
One man’s betrayal had brought them to this,
one man’s vanity and pride. But they had a
chance to end it here. His Emperor had made
the decision to take the fight to Horus and
Sanguinius of the Blood Angels would not fail
him… Chaplain Lemartes stopped
before Tycho and dipped his finger
into a blood filled chalice. He anointed
Tycho’s helmet with blood in the form
of a jagged saltire and said, “With my
blood I commend your soul to the
Emperor. May he watch over you this
day.”

“And you also Dorn,” said Tycho
taking Lemartes’ hand in the warrior’s
grip, wrist to wrist. “One last time,
brother.”

“Yes,” agreed Lemartes, knowing that
Tycho was finally lost to him. “One last
time.”

                  *****

Tycho smashed another Greenskin
from the rubble with a backhanded
sweep of his fist. Bones cracked and
blood sprayed. The top of the breach
was less than ten metres away.
Gunfire stitched a path towards him,
spurts of dust and stone exploding
around him. He felt the powerful
impacts, but ignored them, charging
up the debris strewn slope. Choking
dust and smoke filled the air. All he
could see were shadowly forms before
him… brother Space Marines, their oaths of
loyalty ashes in the dust. He hated them like
nothing he had ever hated before. A blade
swung at his head, striking his shoulders guard
and tearing upwards… Tycho’s golden
mask tore from his rictus face in a
wash of blood and skin. He screamed
in fury, standing at the top of the
breach, surrounded by his foes.

The Orks swarmed around the Blood
Angels, dying by the dozen as fifty
years of hatred and vengeance poured
through Tycho’s veins. Behind him, the
last Space Marine of the forlorn hope
fall beneath the blades of the Orks…
the others were gone, separated in the
teleportation. He was alone… Tycho fought
with the strength of legend, fighting
and killing all who came near him. He
swept up a fallen sword and continued
the slaughter, the blade rising and
falling, Ork blood sheathing its edge.
No blade could pierce his armour, no
bullet could lay him low. Ork corpses,
scores deep, surrounded him, his altar
of death.

The smoke parted and a massively
powerful Ork, clad in wheezing
mechanical armour, crunched across
the rubble towards him. Black exhaust
fumes belched from rusted pipes and
enormous claws snapped from each
arm. Tycho snarled as the
unquenchable fury of the Black Rage
finally consumed him utterly… Horus
greatest and most beloved of the Primarchs.
Why? When we could have achieved anything
we dreamed of, why? Horus said nothing,
swinging with his bladed fist. Sanguinius
sprang away from the powerful claw, spinning
behind the Traitor. He leapt feet first at Horus
feeling his foe’s fangs break under his boot
heels. He landed lightly, rolling swiftly to his
feet as Horus attacked again. His back was to
the wall, nowhere to go but forwards. The two
brothers met blade by blade and Sanguinius
knew that he could not defeat Horus. The sword
snapped and Horus smashed the claw through
his armour and deep into his belly. Excruciating
agony ripped upwards into his ribcage as Horus
tore his heart out. Sanguinius spat blood into
his brother’s face and hissed. “I die, but you
will die with me, traitor!” as he lashed out with
his fist and ripped out his foe’s throat in a
welter of blood. He felt Horus’ grip slacken and
slumped to the ground, his lifeblood pumping
from his broken body. He could vaguely hear
his companions calling his name, but with each
second their voices grew dimmer. He had not
failed his Emperor. He smiled and closed his
eyes as life slipped away.

                      *****

Lemartes watched the small group of
Space Marines as they bore their
Captain on their shoulders towards the
Imperial lines. The breach had fallen
and the outer ring of fortifications and
bunkers were now in Imperial hands.
Tycho had held the breach long
enough for the rest of the army to
reach the walls and carry the day.
With a tenderness that belied the
gore-streaked appearance of the
Blood Angels, they laid Brother
Captain Erasmus Tycho at the feet of
Chaplain Lemartes. He knelt by the
bloody corpse, laying a hand on his
brow and staring at his friend’s face.
Perhaps it was just the relaxation of
muscle that followed death, but he
believed he could see a softening in
Tycho’s features, as though the
terrible disfigurement done to him
had retreated within his flesh. He
hoped so.

“Farewell brother,” he whispered. “You
will not be forgotten.”
%
The candles flickered as the Sanctum
door was quietly opened. The
Adeptus Sororitas novice padded
softly across the marble floor
through the cloud of incense,
standing respectfully behind the
kneeling Sister Superior. She waited
patiently for acknowledgment.

‘Yes, my child?’ asked Sister
Superior Candida without looking up
from her devotions.

‘The mob approaches, Sister.’
whispered the novice, her voice
betraying her unease. ‘It will be at
the gates soon.’

Sister Candida was remaining kneeling
as concluded her prayers.

‘Give us strength, Divine Lord. May
your will be done.’

She stood, turning from the effigy
of the Emperor to face the young
novice. ‘Fear not, my child. The
Emperor is with us. We shall’
prevail.’

               ***

The stout, wooden doors of the
cathedral were thrown open as the
Battle Sisters marched onto its steps,
chanting hymns to the Emperor and
raising their ritually blessed weapons
of faith. Bolter shells rained down
the steps and arcane weaponry
spouted cleansing fire. High above,
the angelic forms of the Seraphim
dropped from the dark, towering
spires, bolt pistols spitting death.

Sister Superior Candida stood at the
top of the marble steps, her bolter
kicking in her arms as she pumped
shell after shell into the heretics.
The light from inside the cathedral
framed her in a glowing halo of
brilliance.

‘Death to the defilers!’
%
The canyons of the ruined city trapped the smoke, dust and noise of battle, turning
each rubble-choked street into a hell of half-glimpsed shadows and phantoms. Trooper
Korkin nervously licked his lips, glancing up the shattered street along the gunsight of
his lascannon. There were reports of Eldar movements in this sector and he didn’t want
to suffer the same fate as 1ˢᵗ Platoon. They’d been found cut to shreds with the
safeties still on their guns. He and Frederiks were positioned a hundred metres in
front of their platoon, an early warning in case the decadent aliens came this way. The
though didn’t comfort him much. Korkin cocked his head as a low humming
penetrated the crash of distant artillery and he watched the smoke suddenly part as
though brushed by an invisible hand. The sleek prow of an Eldar vehicle emerged
seconds later. Korkin squeezed the trigger on the lascannon, watching as the powerful
beam rippled as though travelling through water before it struck the fast-moving
vehicle. Korkin’s jaw fell open as the blast scored the vehicle’s side, but did no further
damage. A warm, electric sensation enveloped him as the Wave Serpent’s energy field
washed over him and he never saw the blow from the Striking Scorpion’s chainsword
that killed him.
%
The cavernous chamber was lit by flickering candles and filled
with chanting cultists, its walls daubed with blasphemous sigils.
Men, women, children and a hooded figure in robes of silk and
ermine murmured forbidden chants, standing within a group of
hideous runes painted in a garish pink substance on the floor.

‘Knyas’muad arnitisui motriu’nkya Tzeentch!’ called the robed
figure, the language unknown and the words seeming to stretch
the fragile skein of reality to breaking point. Suddenly, the very
fabric of the universe tore, a gaping wound opened in the meat of
space and time, a gateway to the warp itself. Pulsing, obscene
light, chittering voices and horrific gurglings radiated from the
rent, questing tendrils of unseen abominations sensing the warmth
of the material universe.

A filthy, glowing mass pushed itself clear and began coalescing
into its hideously twisted and daemonic form. Images scudded
across its amorphous body. Faces twisted out of the jelly-like
immaterium, sliding out of true, tenebrous screams issuing from
bloated mouths and wailing, nonsensical gibbering echoing from
the cavern walls. Designs within designs, patterns within patterns
and form upon form warped through the light’s awful geometries,
as it sought to find a form more solid than the fluid matter it
had been born into.

‘Our Master comes!’ breathed the robed figure in rapture.
%
“The Codex Astartes is the holy tome of these loyal Battle
Brothers. The wisdom of the ancients is both scripture and
the unbending rod by which they are measured. In war, they
are fierce and as steadfast as those of old who stood beside
the Emperor and broke the Legions of Horus. In faith and
valour they are unmatched. The torches of their chapels
burn bright with flames whose holy fire has shone upon an
unchanging brotherhood for a hundred centuries. In their
lives and in war, the Codex Astartes is their guide.”
%
The courage shown by the officers and men of the Company was
inspirational. They carried out their duty to the Emperor with
exemplary determination and skill. In difficult circumstances they
managed to acquit themselves in the manner expected of the Regiment.
The selflessness and sacrifice demonstrated by the entire Company
is, and will remain, a shining example of bravery. There were no
survivors of the action.

                             - Approved Records Text: for posthumous
                                   use by units attached to the Ordo
%
“The Chaos taint had only embraced Urthwart for a few months but when we landed to retake it a nightmare awaited
us. Flayed human skin flapped from every streetlight, everywhere you looked grinning skulls were piled in pyramids and
always just around the next corner was an infernal giggling and cackling that seemed to come from the walls
themselves. We lost almost as many men to madness as we did to enemy action…”

                                                                        Veteran Sergeant Hessel, 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
%
                     THE CLEANSING OF LAERAN
           (Recorded by Scribe First Order Wendel Voss
           in the year of the Emperor’s grace 893/M31)

Shortly after the beginning of their own Crusade, the
Emperor’s Children encountered a hitherto-unknown alien
race, who called themselves the Laer. Analysis of captured
scouts and envoys showed the Laer to be concentrated in a
single star system, Laeran. Nonetheless they had the potential
to be a powerful foe. Like the Emperor’s Children themselves,
the Laer prized perfection in all aspects of civilisation. By the
use of chemical manipulation from birth, individual Laer were
adapted to their roles, whether they be workers, soldiers,
diplomats, even artists. Observers from the Adeptus
Administratum wondered if perhaps the Laer might be made
a protectorate of the Imperium as conquering such an efficient
race could prove to be a long and costly endeavour.

Fulgrim refused any notion of co-operation. Only Humanity
was perfect, he insisted. For an alien race to hold its own
ideals to be comparable to those of Humanity was blasphemy
in its most blatant form, and deserved nothing less than
annihilation. He ordered his Lord Commanders to attack
immediately, beginning a war that the Administratum
predicted would last decades. Fulgrim heard this prediction,
and shook his head. “In one month’s time,” he said, “the Eagle
will rule Laeran.”

In every theatre of war the battle was joined. The Emperor’s
Children attacked the Laer in space, on the surface of their
worlds, beneath their oceans and over the hulls of their orbital
platforms. Everywhere they faced enemies adapted to their
conditions - warships connected bio-electronically to their
crew’s minds, liquid-breathing sea warriors, scouts capable of
moving as fats as a speeder, gunners whose eyesight allowed
them to target individual Space Marines in squads miles
distant. The casualties on both sides were horrendous - it is
estimated that, if not for the excellence of the Legion’s
Apothecaries, more than half of its warriors would have died
from their wounds.

The Laer never surrendered - their last warriors died fighting
in the ruins of their capital city. One month after he had
begun the attack, Fulgrim planted a standard displaying the
Imperial Eagle over their corpses, leaving it the only thing
standing on the worlds of the Laeran system. Over seven
hundred of his men were dead, six times that number injured,
but Fulgrim believed he had proven himself correct. Against
the most finely-honed alien warriors ever encountered,
Humanity had proven itself more powerful.

[Archivist’s note: The Laeran system, for ten thousand years
now, has been home to three cities and a dozen mining
colonies, all traces of its former rulers are gone.]
%
                       THE CURSED FOUNDING

The Twenty First Founding was the largest since the Second
Founding. It took place sometime immediately before the Age
of Apostasy, a time of civil war which divided and almost
destroyed the Imperium. The new Chapters were dogged by
bad luck right from the start. Several disappeared mysteriously
whilst in action or in warp space.

Every surviving Chapter of the founding is affected by
spontaneous genetic mutation of its gene-seed. As a result the
Chapter have gradually dwindled in size as their inability to
raise and induct recruits means that battle casualties cannot be
replaced. Worse still, some Chapters have developed genetic
idiosyncrasies, mutations which strain the tolerance of the
Inquisition and threaten the Chapters’ survival. Few Chapters
have suffered as ignominious an end as the Flame Falcons
whose spontaneous and extreme physical corruption turned
them into a race no longer human or sane. The Chapter was
declared Excommunicate and driven from its home world of
Lethe by the Grey Knights.
%
The Daemon has many forms. You
must know them all. You must tell
the Daemon from his disguise and
root him out from the hidden places.
Trust no one. Trust not even yourself.
It is better to die in vain than to live
in abomination. The zealous martyr is
praised for his valour: the craven and
the unready are justly abhorred.

                      Excerpted from the
           First Book of Indoctrinations
%
The Daemon has many forms. You must
know them all. You must tell the
Daemon from his disguises and root him
out from the hidden places. Trust no-one.
Trust not even yourself. It is better
to die in vain than to live an
abomination. The zealous martyr is
praised for his valour: the craven and
the unready are justly abhorred.

      - The First Book of Indoctrinations
%
The Daemonic leads to two crimes.
You turn from the path of
righteousness. And you abandon the
Emperor as the object of your
devotion. For the first, death is
merely a just retribution. The second
is a heresy so terrible that no
punishment can be sufficient. Yet the
search for an appropriate penalty
continues, and it shall be found.

- Malleus Daemonicus, The Declaration of
                 Ecclesiarch Issus XLVII
%
                       THE DARK FOUNDING

Not all the foundings of Space Marine Chapters are recorded
in exact detail. However, the Adeptus Terra maintains a single
bank of original gene-seed from every single Chapter ever
created since the Horus Heresy. There is one notable
exception: the Thirteenth Founding, also known as the Dark
Founding. No-one knows how many Chapters were created by
the Dark Founding or what became of them. Perhaps the
secret lies in some deep vault in the record office of the
Adeptus Terra. Maybe the Space Marines of the Dark
Founding are still out there somewhere, waiting to return to
the world that created them.
%
“The Despoiler comes forth once again, and he cannot be stopped
by force of arms alone. It is his will that the stars be stained red
with the blood of all who oppose him. An infinite horde of fiends,
mutants and cacodaemons obey his command to devour Cadia
alive. But he will not stop there.

If our faith in the Emperor and our force of arms prove strong,
the forces of Chaos can be driven back into hell. If we are found
wanting, Humanity will fall.”

                Lord Inquisitor Hephaestos Grudd of the Ordo Malleus
%
         +++

The Emperor will not
  judge you by your
medals and diplomas;
he will judge you by
     your scars.

         +++
%
         +++

 The faithful warrior
   needs no reward
except for an endless
    supply of foes
     to vanquish.

         +++
%
The first Chimera skidded to a stop-
Clay’s squad dismounted while the
rest of the Company roared on.
Sergeant Clay formed them up
facing the power station
administration building in a loose
skirmish order and began to
advance. Mycetic spores had
penetrated the planetary defences
and landed in and around the hydro-
electric facility. The upper floor of
the administration building had a
gaping hole in it; the squad’s job
was to check it out. They had barely
got within 500 paces when a horde
of fanged and clawed Hormagaunts
leapt from the building’s upper
windows and bounded at them. The
Guardsmen obeyed their training
and Sergeant Clay’s terse orders -
firing short controlled bursts from
their lasguns as the Hormagaunts
closed. They were too many and too
fast to be stopped by lasguns alone
though, and the Chimera added its
heavy weapons to the salvo, ripping
a hole in the brood just as the
squad’s heavy bolter coughed into
life. The surviving Hormagaunts still
came on and were tensing for a
final leap when they were
enveloped in roaring gout of fire
from the squad’s flamer. A last
Hormagaunt, its hide blackened,
made it through the fire and leapt
forward landing before a
Guardsman, plunging both of its
sword-like talons through his torso
with a triumphant hiss. Before it
could move Sergeant Clay’s
chainsword swept across its chest
knocking it on his back while he
calmly put four bolt pistol rounds
through his head.

“There you go lads, not so tough
eh?” beamed the Sergeant but there
was no answer from his squad.
Following their gaze he saw another
brood as large as the last dropping
from the building while yet another
seemed to be massing within. Even
Nathaniel Clay, twelve years a
veteran, hesitated briefly before his
stoic sense of duty reasserted itself.
“We may need to put some overtime
in today men,” he said, with a feral
grin. “Fire!”
%
‘The galaxy is a vast and terrible
place, awash with a hungering
darkness. Unto us alone does the
Emperor give his light, that we
might raise it high and drive back
those ravenous shadows.’

      - Chaplain Tellemorius of the
               Grey Knights Chapter
%
         +++

The impossibility of
victory is no excuse
 for the dereliction
      of duty.

         +++
%
         +++

The innocent must be
sacrificed to ensure
   that the Guilty
    are punished.

         +++
%
The interior of the prison shuttle was
gloomy, the only light coming through a
weak shaft from a window-slit above the
pressure door. The heavy breathing of men in
deep sleep was the only sound to be heard,
with the odd shuffle of muttered curse as
one or other of the somnolent prisoners
relived some familiar nightmare.

A rattle of chains and the clump of heavy
boots on the metal boarding ramp sounded
from outside, but in their exhaustion not one
of the men inside stirred. The pressure door
hissed open, artificial light blazing in to
chase the shadows into the corners of the
shuttle’s high ceiling. Blinking, stretching and
groaning, the prisoners responded to this
unwelcome wakening. A large silhouette
shuffled lopsidedly up the ramp to stand in
the entrance, its sizeable frame blocking out
most of the light. Heavy chains hung from
the man’s wrists and ankles, connected to a
spiked metal collar around his neck. His mad
eyes
glared into the cell, not really seeing
anything at all.

Two of the prison guards appeared behind
the prisoner and shoved him forward. The
man stumbled a few steps and then tripped
on the doorway rim, falling head first down
onto the mesh decking. He was immediately
back on his feet, growling and snarling
around the leather gag between his teeth. He
took a step forward and the guards reacted
immediately, their suppression mauls lashing
out, sending shockwaves of power across the
brute’s body. After several seconds the man
slumped to his knees and the storm of
blows stopped.

‘Emperor’s teeth, this guy’s an animal!’
someone hissed.
 
‘No talking,’ barked Colonel Schaeffer as he
strode up the ramp and stood at the edge of
the doorway, hands behind his back clasping
a swagger stick. He turned for a moment
and said something to a man beside him
with a heavily scarred face and neck. The
man nodded and then disappeared down the
ramp. Schaeffer turned his attention back to
the prisoners.

‘Take off the shackles,’ he ordered the
guards, his gaze fixing on the man on the
ground.

‘T-take them off?’ one of the guards replied,
giving a horrified glance towards the Colonel.

The Colonel didn’t move, although there was
a slight twitch in his clenched jaw.

‘I do not repeat orders,’ the Colonel replied
tersely, his stare still levelled at the half-
conscious figure on the deck. The guard who
had spoken hurried forward whilst the other
stood ready with his power maul. Pulling a
las-chisel from his belt, the guard burnt out
the rivets on the shackles and they dropped
to the floor with a heavy clang. He stepped
back hastily as the figure pushed himself to
his feet. His hair was matted with sweat,
every muscle in his body twitching with
unnatural tension, and as he turned around
his eyes fell upon the Colonel. With a roar,
he launched himself at Schaeffer, his huge
hands outstretched to grab the Colonel’s
throat. The guards froze in horror, but as the
prisoner lunged towards Schaeffer, the
Colonel stepped back and brought his hand
up sharply. The heel of his hand smashed
into the bridge of his attacker’s nose,
splashing blood across the Colonel’s heavy
dress coat. The man crashed to the deck, his
forehead bouncing off the tip of Schaeffer’s
highly polished left
boot. Rolling over and sitting up, the
prisoner shook his head, and then pushed
himself away from Schaeffer with dazed,
worried glances.

‘Welcome to the rest of your short life!’
called out Mikhaels, the woman the others
called ‘Rocket-Girl’. Grim laughter followed
her comment, which stopped abruptly as the
Colonel snapped the swagger stick in half
with a loud crack.

‘You are all on half water rations today, for
that.’ he told them, stepping forward into the
cell itself and flinging the splintered pieces
of the swagger stick outside. ‘The salvation
of your souls is no laughing matter.’

The newcomer was coming to his senses once
more. Wiping blood from his nose with the
back of his hand, he looked around the
shuttle cell, as if realising where he was for
the first time. His eyes had lost some of
their glazed look.

‘Where the frag am I?’ he asked slowly,
turning to the man in a scuffed officer’s
greatcoat crouching next to him. Everyone
looked at Schaeffer, trying to gauge his
mood - sometimes he was merely surly, and
sometimes he was downright mean.

‘Go ahead, Green, tell him.’ the Colonel
replied to their questioning looks, his face
totally unreadable.

‘You’ve just been volunteered for the Last
Chancers,’ the man the others had
immediately dubbed ‘Hero’ explained dryly
‘For your crimes against the Emperor and
humanity, you will spend your life in this,
the XIII Penal Legion, until such time as
you receive the Emperor’s Absolution from
the Colonel or from the Emperor himself.
And of course, the only way you can receive
the Emperor’s personal absolution is when
you’re dead…’

‘That’s what you are told when you
volunteer,’ growled Schaeffer. He stalked over
and bent down towards the newest ‘volunteer’,
who visibly flinched at the Colonel’s icy
stare. ‘You’re all here because you are traitors
to Mankind and the Immortal Emperor. You
are here because you have failed in your
sworn duty to protect his domains and
subjects, and you have perverted his trust in
you for your own misguided ends. You have
sacrificed your part in securing the future of
the whole humanity for your own selfish
gain. To kill you would be to accept that
you can longer save your immortal souls. If
you were to be ushered into the Emperor’s
presence now, the scales would tip badly
against you when the deeds of your life are
weighed up by his Almighty Presence. This
is why I give you a last chance to prove
yourselves worthy of the Emperor’s
forgiveness. This is why you are here - to
save yourselves from eternal damnation.’

He turned away for a moment, taking two
steps towards the door before whirling on
his heel. His eyes flashed dangerously, his
mouth set in a grimace of disgust.

‘You will atone for your sins, and when you
die you will thank me for allowing you to!’
he snarled, his eyes sweeping across all of
the gathered prisoners.

‘You!’ the Colonel hissed, pointing towards
the kleptomaniac ‘Fingers’ Vagin. ‘Why are
you here?’

‘Cause I canna help stealin’ stuff?’ Fingers
replied tentatively.

‘No,’ whispered Schaeffer, shaking his head
slowly, his hands tightening into fists behind
his back. ‘You are all here because you are
scum. But you are the Emperor’s scum. You
have the skills that are useful to our Immortal
Lord and whether you wish it or not, they
will be made use of.’ 

With a last contemptuous look, the Colonel
turned and marched down the ramp, followed
by the two prison guards. The man with the
scarred face reappeared at the doorway, giving
them a once over with his single eye - the
other was covered with a metal eyepatch
riveted into his face. Liutenant chevrons
were stitched onto the front of his flak
jacket, and his aged face looked as if it had
borne all the cares of the galaxy for a
hundred years.

‘What ’appens to us now?’ Vagin asked the
stranger.

‘Now?’ the man replied with a grim smile on
his face. ‘Now you’re shipped out to some
hellhole you’ve never heard of. There you’ll
fight for the Colonel. Most likely you’ll die.
But if you’re lucky, or as good as some of
you think you are, then you might just crawl
out of there alive. And then you’ll go to
another warzone and another battle, and you’ll
stare death in the face again. And again and
again until one day you’re just a little bit
too slow, or just plain unlucky, and you
catch a bullet or a knife, or a plasma grenade
blows you to bits.’

In the stunned silence that followed, the
Liutenant started laughing, the harsh,
uncaring sound becoming muffled as he hit
the controls and the door slammed down,
plunging them into darkness once more.
%
                          THE IRON CAGE

The one real triumph in the period following the Heresy was
the reason for Perturabo’s ascension to the rank of Daemon
Prince. The Iron Warriors had been close to breaching the
defenses of the Imperial Palace but had been thwarted by Horus’
death. Afterwards their empire was dismantled by the Imperial
Fists by virtue of overwhelming superiority of numbers. On
Sebastus IV, therefore , Perturabo set a trap for their Primarch
by building the self-styled ‘Eternal Fortress’. Upon hearing of
the fortress, Rogal Dorn publicly declared that the Imperial Fists
would dig Perturabo out of his hole and bring him back to Terra
in an Iron Cage. Roboute Guilliman pleaded with Dorn to let
him help but just as Perturabo planned, Dorn was arrogant
enough to undertake the mission alone.

Rogal Dorn expected honourable battle but that was not
Perturabo’s agenda at all. The Eternal Fortress was a sophisticated
trap. At its centre was a keep sitting in the middle of twenty
square miles of bunkers, towers, minefields, trenches, razorwire,
tank traps and redoubts. Radiating out from the keep in the shape
of an eight-pointed star were underground tunnels that connected
the surface fortifications. All the entrances to the underground
network were concealed and the keep itself was a decoy to protect
something. The Eternal Fortress was twenty square miles of
killing ground.

Perturabo and the Iron Warriors waited below the surface for
the first shots of the Imperial Fists’ orbital barrage. As soon as
it commenced they replied with a number of remote weapons
silos located well away from the Fortress. The Imperial Fists
countered precipitately with Thunderhawk-borne troops attacking
the silos and a full combat drop of the rest of the Legion. As
soon as the attacks on the silos were under way, the missile
stockpiles were detonated. Thousands of tons of debris was
hurled into Sebastus’ atmosphere making communications between
ground troops and fleet virtually impossible.

The detonation was the signal for the Iron Warriors fleet to
attack. The Traitor fleet was no stronger than that of the
Imperial Fists but the loyalist Thunderhawks were on the planet’s
surface. Also the Chaos ships had many Iron Warriors amongst
their complements eager to man the assault boats. The Imperial
Fist fleet tried to hold but was forced inexorably out of
position. After a few hours the only targets being engaged on
the planet were coordinates pre-planned by Perturabo.

Under fire from space, the Imperial Fists proceeded with their
assault in parade ground formation on a four-company front.
Perturabo watched them from an observation tower and carefully
began to destroy them. First the minefields did their work then,
when the Imperial Fists reached the first expanse of
fortifications, the Iron Warriors manned their trenches and
opened fire. While the trenches held the loyalists’ attention,
squads of Iron Warriors with krak grenades and melta bombs
emerged from hidden bunkers and attacked the tanks halted by
the fortifications. The Imperial Fists turned back to fend off this
threat and for a time were pinned down amidst the tank traps.
Once more they rallied and swept forward to overrun the Iron
Warrior trenches only to find them empty. So it continued -
Perturabo dissected the Imperial Fists tank by tank, squad by
squad. Rogal Dorn remained convinced that victory was in sight
and pushed his men on. Perturabo pulled back some of his
defenders and called upon others to hold - a stratagem that
fractured the Imperial Fists, first into companies then into
squads. By day six of the battle, each Marine fought virtually
alone, and Dorn’s troops were reduced to burrowing into the
mud and piling up the dead bodies of their brethren for cover.
Still Perturabo remained patient, he allowed Dorn to rampage
around the trenches calling his name and demanding personal
combat, content that the sight of their Primarch’s impotence
would demoralise the Imperial Fists.

The siege of the Eternal Fortress was to last for three more
weeks. The Imperial Fists had burrowed into the killing zone
and were unable to escape. Although his captains called for a
breakout, Rogal Dorn would not give the order. He refused to
believe the evidence of his eyes and continued to call for one
last charge or for Perturabo to face him. Unable to abandon their
Primarch, the Imperial Fists prepared to die with him.

If Perturabo had a failing it was that he had grown to enjoy
tormenting his enemies too much. He could have finished off
the Imperial Fists at any time but chose not to. Fortunately for
Rogal Dorn, Roboute Guilliman put the Imperium before pride
and had brought the Ultramarines to the rescue. The powerful
Ultramarine fleet forced the Iron Warriors back while their
Thunderhawks plunged through the dust clouds to evacuate the
Imperial Fists. Perturabo had no desire to fight two Chapters
and concentrated on preventing the Imperial Fists evacuating their
dead and wounded.

Rogal Dorn was a broken man. It was nineteen years before he
and the Imperial Fists could once again go to war. They left
over 400 Marines at the Eternal Fortress and every refugee carried
horrific wounds.

The gene-seed captured was sacrificed to the Dark Gods in
return for Perturabo’s elevation to Daemon Prince. One insult
had been avenged, and since then the Iron Warriors have lived
only to settle accounts with the corpse on the Golden Throne. 
%
                     THE LION AND THE WOLF

One of the mist famous tales of rivalry ever to be told across
the galaxy is that of the Dark Angels and the Space Wolves,
and goes back to the days of the Great Crusade. As the Space
Marine Legions pushed back the frontiers of the Imperium,
each Primarch strove to excel in the eyes of the Emperor and
none more so than Leman Russ, Primarch of the Space
Wolves. Only Horus and Lion El’Jonson could claim more
victories than Russ and this was a constant frustration to him.
It was on the world of Dulan where the Space Wolves were
fighting alongside the Dark Angels that matters came to a
head. The Tyrant Durath had personally insulted the Emperor,
sacrificing thousand of Imperial priests to his patron daemon,
and both Russ and Jonson desired the honour of slaying this
heretic. The headstrong Primarch of the Space Wolves flew
into a rage when Durath proclaimed that Russ was the
Emperor’s lap dog and would be fed to his pet Grox.

Russ swore that he would cut Durath’s head from his
shoulders and demanded that the Dark Angels allow him to
led his Space Wolves in an immediate assault on the Tyrant’s
Crimson Fortress. Jonson had spent days scouting the weak
points of the fortress, meticulously planning the attack and
was not about to let some hot-headed barbarian ruin his
carefully laid plans. He refused Russ’s demand and began the
assault, storming the fortress with remarkably few casualties.
Russ, caught in a swirling combat at the base of the wall,
could only howl in anger as he watched Jonson slay Durath
high on the walls of the keep. After the battle Russ stormed
into the halls of the fortress and struck Jonson a blow to the
head. The two Primarchs wrestled for a day and a night, each
unable to overcome the other’s skill.

At last the pair broke apart and Russ began to laugh, seeing
the humour in what had occurred, Jonson was silent though.
He saw Russ’s first blow as treacherous, and as the Space
Wolves Primarch laughed, Jonson struck him unconscious.
Now he considered honour to be satisfied. The prostrate Russ
was carried from the fortress by his men and, when he
regained consciousness, the Dark Angels had already departed
to fight in the Alisore campaign. Russ swore he would avenge
the stain on his honour and, to this day, whenever the Space
Wolves and Dark Angels meet, one of their number is called
upon to refight the ancient duel of the Primarchs in order
that honour may be satisfied.
%
                        THE LOST KIN

The Great Khan of Quan Zhou dedicates an entire volume
to the Lost Kin of the White Scars. This volume tells that
many years after Jaghatai’s departure with the Emperor on
the Great Crusade, an evil storm fell upon the world of
Chogoris in the shape of the Eldar’s dark brothers, who
brought terror and pain on a scale never before seen. With
their superior technology and weaponry, the aliens were able
to easily defeat the scattered tribes, and tens of thousands
of slaves were dragged screaming from the planet. It was only
following the death of Horus that Jaghatai learned of these
terrible events and swore mighty oaths of vengeance against
the Dark Eldar. The Khan was relentless in his pursuit and
it said that during the horrifying battle of Corusil V, he
and his First Brotherhood pursued a mighty Dark Eldar lord
through a pulsing gateway to the shadowy realm of blood
which these degenerate aliens call home. The alien portal
closed before the rest of the Khan’s soldiers could follow
and the mighty Jaghatai Khan vanished forever from the
Imperium. Robbed of their Khan, the White Scars have held
an enduring and unquenchable hatred for these bloodthirsty
aliens and whenever the White Scars encounter the Dark
Eldar, their fury knows no bounds. To this day, the ultimate
fate of Jaghatai Khan remains a mystery, and whether he and
his warriors still battle between dimensions or have long
since perished, none can say.
%
The Marines tensed as they heard the faint but
unmistakable sound of an approaching mole mortar
shell, Battle-brother Draeg was already moving before
the earth began to bulge upwards - hurling himself flat
onto the rising shell before his brothers even saw it. He
was only fully aware of his action when his world
exploded in white flame that hurled him into darkness.

It was the feel of cold air on his face and the acrid smell
of burnt flesh that revived him to a dim awareness. He
struggled to ignore the pain of his shattered body and
made his remaining eye focus on the figure that knelt
beside him.

“Your wounds are too grave, brother,” he heard the
Apothecary speak, as though from a great distance.
“Do you desire the Emperor’s Peace?” The Apothecary
raised the Reductor, and Draeg was dimly aware of the
click as the bolt was drawn back into the firing position.
With what remained of his life, Draeg tried to speak.
The Apothecary seemed to understand.

“The others? They are whole, brother. You saved them.
Your name is entered in the Book of Honour.”

Draeg nodded weakly and closed his eye. His gene-
seed would return to the Chapter.
%
The Master of the Ravenwing
slewed his bike past another
spiked plant, his churning tyres
throwing up great clods of black
earth. Six Ravenwing bikers followed
him, swerving expertly through the
jungle. A waypoint rune flashed on
his visor and he pulled into a
screaming, controlled skid and let out
the throttle, the bike roaring. The
Tyranids were near; he could
practically taste their foulness.

The sharp drop he had been expecting
was suddenly before him, and his bike
sailed through the air. Alien heads
spun to face him, hissing as he landed
in their midst, the impact crushing a
Termagant. Purple ichor spurted. His
midnight-black sword licked out as he
sped forward, beheading the largest of
the beasts. Chattering bolters and
flashing chain blades made short work
of the remainder of the brood, and
within seconds the Ravenwing were on
the hunt once more.
%
The Ork Killer Kan toppled backwards, thick black smoke spewing
from its interior and rivulets of molten metal streaming from the
plasma impacts. An injured creature struggled to free itself from the
wreckage, roaring in anger. Brother Janus of the Imperial Fists swung
the turret-mounted plasma guns around, searching for fresh targets as
the Razorback sped forwards, crushing the remains of the Ork
machine.

A solid wedge of Rhinos was charging forwards across the ash plain,
billowing clouds of choking dust blotting out the sun. An entire
Company hurtled towards the Ork held factory complex in Rhino
APCs. Every second vehicle was a Razorback, providing the assault
with much needed fire support. Lascannons, heavy bolters, plasma
guns and multi-meltas laid down wave after wave of punishing
firepower, preventing the Orks from picking off the Imperial tanks
as they sped towards the complex.

Janus saw a mob of Gretchin dragging some kind of artillery piece
forward into cover and cranked the turret around. White-hot bursts
of plasma vaporised the first Gretchin, and the rest ducked hurriedly
into cover as more searing bolts hissed around them. A lucky shot
struck the ammo cart of the gun and blew it high into the air,
lethal shrapnel killing everything nearby. Janus smiled as he watched
burning Gretchin run screaming. The Rhinos halted and
Space Marines began disembarking from their transports. Janus
worked the plasma guns left and right, continuing to pour fire on
the Ork positions, burning anything he could see as the Space
Marines swept into the factory.
%
‘The place breeds recidivists like
a pond breeds scum’

        Inquisitor-General Neve on
      Chaos cult activity on Cadia
%
‘The propaganda of the T'au
claims their ways are more
enlightened than ours, but the
xenos made a mistake when
they entered our hive city. In
that claustrophobic hell every
advance cost them more blood
than any so-called civilised race
would dare pay.’

  - Sergeant Nikita Petrov, 731ˢᵗ
     Vostroyan Firstborn Regiment
%
The pylon had been looming in our windscreen for a while
now, and Fischig swept us around it, almost kissing the
black stone. The moaning song of the wind as it laced
through the geometries of the pylon was now so loud I
could hear it over the racing turbines of the speeder.

The pylon was vast: half a kilometre high and a quarter
square. The upper facing of the smooth black stone was
machined with delicate craft to form holes and other
round-edged orifices no bigger than a man’s head. It was
through these slim, two hundred and fifty metre tubes that
the wind moaned and howled.

And the tubes weren’t straight. They wove through the
pylon like worm tunnels. Tech-magi had tried running tiny
servitor probes through them to map their loops, but
generally the probes didn’t come back.

As we banked up higher for another pass, I could see the
distant shape of the neighbouring pylon, across the moors,
sixty kilometres away. Five thousand, eight hundred and ten
known pylons dot the surface of Cadia, not counting the two
thousand others that remain as partial ruins or buried relics.

No two are identical in design. Each one rises to a precise
half kilometre height and is sunk a quarter kilometre into
the ground. They predate mankind’s arrival in this system,
and their manner of manufacture is unknown. They are
totally inert, by any auspex measure known to our race, but
many believe their presence explains the quieting of the
violent warp torrents that makes the Cadian Gate the
single, calm navigable route to the Ocularis Terribus.
%
‘The seditious and the
malignant claim that
accounts of myriad Imperial
victories are hyperbolic, that
such glory cannot possibly
be manifest in so dark a
time. Burn these doubters,
for the glories of the
Emperor's servants transcend
mere truth.’

- Officio Didactus Directive VI
The street echoed to the amplified roar of the Chaos Dreadnought, its
plasma cannon glowing like a small sun as it disgorged raw energy, each
bolt creating bubbling pools of molten matter where the road once was. The
Cadians flinched from the heat only to find themselves under fire from the
roof of the cellarion, the storm of explosive bolts forcing them back. A further
burst from the roof of the precinct house forced them back the other way,
men clutching at their flak jackets as the long range shots struck home. The
whole platoon swayed under the terrible volley, cut down like wheat before
the scythe. The high-flying Raptors landed to the rear of their formation and
rushed into them shrieking like daemons. And yet through the din they
heeded Fane’s words,

“Are you not Cadians? Stand up and fight!”

One by one, they rose to their feet. Ignoring the sickening sight of the
Armoured Fist squad being ripped apart by the Raptors, the 122ⁿᵈ turned
once again to face the precinct house.
%
                                    THE RUNE PRIESTS
                                  OF THE SPACE WOLVES

The Rune Priests of the Space Wolves are one notable exception to the doctrines of the
Codex Astartes, a comment that can be applied to the entire Chapter. [Other particularly
noteworthy exceptions include the Librarians of the Crimson Shades, the White Scars
and the Novamarines.] While the role that Rune Priests play within the Chapter is not
so different from the traditional Codex role, it is in the methods they employ where
they differ significantly. They act as record keepers, much like Codex Librarians, though
they memorise their histories in great sagas rather than in written form. They act as
advisors to the Great Wolf as well, counselling him in times of war. The particular
psychic powers and practises they employ, however, are based on those of the traditional
shamans of their home world, Fenris, and as such are very different to the Codex form.
Young skalds are taught the complex and arcane lore of their people by the older Rune
Priests, their methods having remained unchanged for countless centuries. The Rune Priests
are independent and ferocious warriors, wise and deliberate in their methods and rituals.
They cast runes to predict the ebb and flow of events to come, the runes often carved
from the bones or teeth of one of the various totem animals of the Fenrisians. The teeth
of the great wolves that prowl the icy world are noted particularly for their power.

The Rune Priest holds a different attitude towards psychic powers than that of the other
Codex Space Marine Chapters. Where typical Codex Librarians hold to the belief that
their power is a manipulation of the pure essence of the warp, the Rune Priest believes
that his power comes from the living energy of Fenris as well as from within. The
innate power of Fenris can be channelled into his totems by the Rune Priest, so that he
may always carry this power with him wherever he may be within the galaxy.
%
The training I undertook upon my assignment to the 122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment
was different from the normal activities involved in most regimental
training. I has thus far undergone in my career with the Imperial
Commissariat. My initial surprise was the youth of my companions in the
basic training program, all of whom were much, much younger than myself,
the oldest being perhaps fourteen. I had heard the Cadians began
their training young, but frankly, this astonished me, though not as much
as the level of competence displayed by such youngsters. At first I was
indignant at being forced to train with children, but I was soon to be
disabused of this notion after witnessing their fitness and skill at
arms.

There were many specialised skills I needed to learn very quickly in
order to operate with the Cadians, and the emphasis was very definitely
on improving my stamina and overall strength. For too long I had ridden
in the cupola of a Chimera and the first days of training were harder
than any battle I have fought in. But I was determined to uphold the
honour of my position and refused to fail. In short, after three months
I could run, jump and fight for prodigious distances carrying a
significant weight. Such activities required special determination and
failure is not an option for troopers in the Cadian Regiments. As a newly
assigned Commissar, I had to perform doubly well to earn the respect of
the soldiers.

One of the biggest factors in the Cadian training program is
learning to function as a team. Every challenge and
exercise is undertaken in groups of at least squad
size (and frequently larger) and it is crucial
that the soldiers learn to operate effectively
together. We learned how to move at pace as an
entire group - known as speed marching in the
Kasrkin, and something of an art form. We
also learned the difference between
operating as an individual and as part of
a squad (something I had not previously
considered valuable). Many times during my
first three months I almost faltered and
was forced to rely on my squad to get
through a number of challenges.

It soon became clear to me that it is a
ritual amongst the Cadian troopers to
try and outperform anyone they
perceive as an outsider, and this
insular nature was one of the many
hurdles I had to overcome in my
time with the 122ⁿᵈ. But say what
you will about Cadians, they
are amongst the strongest and most
thoroughly disciplined formations
I have ever had the honour of
serving with.

                                            Excerpted from the memoirs of
                                               Commissar Kotarian Verhek,
                                                          assigned to the
                                            122ⁿᵈ Cadian Regiment 963.M41
%
The twin suns were blotted out by
Tyranid spores. Thousand of
deafening, wet detonations sounded
as the pulsating spores slammed
into the ground and split apart like
overripe fruit. Sergeant Reilly rolled
onto his front and wiped mud and
sticky ichor from his eyes. He
watched in disgust as the spore that
had landed in the midst of his squad
oozed a glistening amniotic fluid
from the myriad cracks in its outer
shell. Reilly knew the drill. He’d
destroyed spores like this before. He
unsnapped a krak grenade from his
combat webbing and pushed himself
to his feet as the spore began to
ripple with inner life. This was when
the creatures were vulnerable,
before they had a chance to break
free of their protective cocoons.

The rest of the squad began picking
themselves up as Reilly shouted,
“Fire in the hole!“ His arm drew back
to plunge the grenade home when a
three fingered claw ripped through
the spore’s outer membrane and
punched through the sergeant’s
chest, bursting from his back in a
shower of blood and bone. A blur of
motion, almost too quick to follow
and the creature was free. Its talons
and claws tore through the squad as
its mutated adrenal sacs pumped
horrifying vigour through its alien
metabolism. Within seconds the
infantrymen were dead, shredded
strips of bloody flesh, no longer
recognisable as human. The
genestealer did not pause to savour
its handiwork, the chemicals
thundering through its body drove it
onwards in a frenzy of slaughter.

Soon it would be dead, but until then
it would exist only to kill. The perfect
predator.
%
The two Traitor Marines were in
shadow, the Sorcerer Asuramandos
stood with his legs braced holding
his staff out before him, faint
traceries of quicksilver glittered in the
air around it as the warp obeyed his
will. Despite his evident and intense
concentration he glanced up to his
companion and grinned hawkishly,
“Have you noticed, brother, how so
much of this battle has revolved
around this one accursed building?”

“Of course I have,” replied his
comrade. “First the Arbites stall our
rebel friends there long enough for
the defences to be organised. Then
having paid the bloodprice, the fools
lose it without a fight when their lines
were broken by the Imperial Fists.”

Gorsameth was marginally shorter
than the Sorcerer, but broader, his
shape cloaked by his folded raptor
wings, and, despite his steady voice,
he flexed his lightning claws
impatiently as he spoke.

“Sorcerer… I want to send the
Emperor’s lackeys a message that
this is not over, that the fear will
always be with them. That precinct
house is a symbol of this city’s
defiance and it must be destroyed.
The fools have repaired it to serve
as their arsenal and by their actions
have served my purpose. Speak,
Sorcerer, is it time?”

Asuramandos did not reply - his
eyes were far away…
        * * * * * * * * *
Captain Fane started as the comm-
link burst into life, it was clearer than
usual - normally Costman - his
comm operator, had to adjust it
carefully, but he was on the other
side of the room making caffeine. He
was glad it was clear, though,
because the incoming orders were
important. He leapt up, pulling on his
helmet and grabbing his kit,
“Costman, combat kit NOW! Didn’t
you hear the new orders? We’re
rolling out, so MOVE”. Costman
looked blankly at his officer and then
with the resignation of bemused
common soldiers throughout the
Imperium, he obeyed. Shouldering
his lasgun, he followed Fane
pausing only to pick up the
comm-link and ensure that it
was still switched off.

A few city blocks away
Asuramandos looked up,
“They are leaving but they
will quickly forget why,
Hurry.” With a hiss of
anticipation Gorsameth
spread his wings and
leapt skyward
already issuing
the order for
his concealed
troops to
advance.
%
The vault reached up beyond
sight in the gloom. Slanting
shafts of light alive with dancing
dust-motes lent it a spectral
grandeur which outshone even the
darkly clustered pillars and adorned
stoneworks. In the shadows lay
mounds of ancient armour, torn
banners, corroded weapons and
shattered machines which gave it the
air of some forgotten battlefield.
Chaplain Cassius knew better, as did
the youthful Sergeant Tortalus who
dogged his heavily armoured boot
prints as they wound their way to
the centre of the vault. This detritus
of war was a collection of the most
valued trophies from uncounted
campaigns across the galaxy in the
service of the Emperor. They had
been laid here in honour of one of
the Chapter’s most sacred relics. It
stood proudly at the centre of the
vault, bathed in a pool of light. A
tall banner, intricate beyond measure
with victory scrolls and honorifics,
the Ultramarines insignia formed of
glittering gold on a field of purest,
deepest blue. It hung from an
adamantium shaft which was scored
and pitted in many places, as though
it had been burned by acids.

Cassius turned and fixed the
sergeant with a baleful stare. His
though, leathery skin twisted into a
network of scars beneath the half-
mask of bionics which replaced his
right eye and upper jaw as he spoke.

“See here boy, the Banner of
Macragge. Touched by the Emperor’s
own hand when he presented it to
our Primarch Roboute Guilliman at
the beginning of the Great Crusade.
A magical thing is it not? We
Ultramarines have preserved it for
ten millennia through fire and war
and decimation, each generation
passing it on to the next as a
burning torch of our love for the
immortal Emperor who made us. It
has languished in dull stasis
chambers and flown beneath the
suns of a thousand alien worlds. It
has flown here on Macragge itself,
whenever the whole Chapter is
gathered together and it has been
carried forth whenever our brethren
have fought as one against the direst
of foes.

It is said to be made of a stuff
known only to the ancients; light as
silk but strong as steel, flame cannot
burn it and where it is rent asunder
it re-spins itself as perfect as the
day it was first made. It is marked
with the names of all seventy seven
Chapter masters; beginning with
Guilliman and ending with young
Calgar, it carries an honorific for
each Victorix Maxima of the
Chapter which has been declared at
the Imperial palace on sacred Terra.
I myself have had the honour of
being present at nine of those
victories, at once great and terrible
times which I shall carry with me
to the end of my days. I was there
when we raised it over the ruins of
Corinth, I was there when we
carried it aboard our ships at the
Battle of Macragge.”

Tortalus stiffened slightly at the
name. No Ultramarine would not
have done so. The Battle of
Macragge was both the Chapter’s
greatest victory and its most terrible
loss. The Ultramarines’ home world
had been saved and the Tyranids
defeated but at such a cost that it
had taken over two centuries for the
Chapter to fully recover. Cassius let
that sink in for a moment before
continuing.

“After Macragge, young Calgar
declared that the Banner would not
be carried forth again until we had
rebuilt our strength, until we were a
whole Chapter again. It has taken us
two centuries to bring the 1ˢᵗ
Company back to full strength after
its’ sacrifice at Macragge. Only now
does our Chapter Master believe
that we are fit to carry the Banner
of Macragge to war once more.”

The old chaplain turned, went down
upon one armoured knee and intoned
a brief prayer before reverently
touching the pitted banner shaft.

“You know what it is to carry this
banner in war. You become the
vessel of all of us, the symbol of
our unity and strength. You know
the vows and oaths, the words of
what it is to be the Ancient, the
bearer of the battle standard of the
Ultramarines. But do you know the
reality of it? See here.”

Cassius drew out the shaft of the
banner from the hole it rested in
and showed it to the young Space
Marine.

“You see these bright gouges, that is
where Ancient Galatan had his arm
shorn off by an Ork Warlord as he
fought through the breach at
Corinth. He picked up the banner
with his other hand and went
onward, taking three more mighty
wounds to the fore. He did not,
would not die until the battle was
won and never took a backward step.

These burns are from Macragge,
when young Calgar’s barge was
boarded by Tyranids and Ancient
Helveticus led the counter-assault.
He was poisoned and burned unto
death, but still his grip was so tight
that he did not let the banner fall,
even in death he did not dishonour
his Chapter. Do you understand?”

Sergeant Tortalus’ eyes were bright
with reverence. He nodded once,
curtly as if afraid to express himself
further. But Cassius had four
centuries of experience of reading
the hearts of his Brother-Marines,
he knew that this Ancient would
die defending the banner if necessary,
as the others had. He held forward
the shaft. 

“Bear it with pride Ancient Tortalus,
you will take your oaths and carry
it before the Chapter at sunset, as
they load the ships for war.”
%
The very air gibbered with the horror
of the Daemon Prince. It towered
above its minions, fully encased in
bronze armour that smoked as though
fresh from the furnace, the ground
running molten beneath the giant’s
white-hot step. Black horns curved
from the side of its skull, twin red
coals burned beneath the helmet’s
visor and powerful, scaled wings
sprouted from its shoulders. The
dread Abhotha, Scourge of a Million
Worlds, carried a monstrous daemon-
axe in one vast gauntlet and a long,
barbed spear in the other. Its shaft
was the thighbone of a Slaaneshi
daemon, the blade pulsing a dull red.
The spear exuded a loathsome hunger
and the axe moaned as though
scenting the blood soon to be spilt.
The Daemon Prince was a living
engine of death, existing for slaughter
and the laying of skulls at Khorne’s
brass throne. That was its only
purpose and it neither wanted or
needed another. Death had come to
this world.
%
THE WAR IN THE WEB

His heart was beating a rapid tattoo within his chest,
and Niadien had to concentrate to contain his
excitement. It was difficult to do so this close to the
Avatar’s throne room, and doubly so on the eve of
battle, but it would not do to show such an unseemly
display of emotion before his Farseer. Eldrad Ulthran
had called him here to the Dome of Crystal Seers by
name and, though he was intensely curious as to why,
given that he was a warrior not a seer, he was impatient
to return to his training. Niadien carried his helmet in
the crook of his arm, the flexible wraithbone armour
feeling natural against his body and the spirits of its
former wearers filling him with the urge to fight. Dimly,
he remembered the moment he had forsaken the life
of Niadien the poet to become Niadien the Striking
Scorpion Exarch, but that was a long time ago, and
such thoughts were fleeting and ephemeral in the face
of the prospect of battle against the forces of the
ancient enemy. The wraithbone of the Craftworld
pulsed with aggression and thrumming current of
barely suppressed violence saturated every Eldar with
the lust for battle. The Avatar was close to waking and
its dreams of violence and bloodshed permeated every
facet of Ulthwé. The air sang with the promise of battle
and Niadien felt its call resonate in every fibre of his
being.

“The Bloody Handed One calls to you, does he not,
Niadien?” said a soft voice behind him. He spun, hand
involuntarily reaching for his sword, but relaxing as he
saw the venerable Farseer. Eldrad Ulthran made his
way awkwardly through the softly glowing crystal
trees of the dome, leaning heavily on his ornately
carved staff. Niadien saw that his flesh shone with a
faint, crystalline light, the skin translucent and
unyielding.

Niadien nodded curtly. “Yes, I can feel his heat burning
in my veins. The call to war is one I cannot refuse.”

“I know,” said Eldrad softly. “It is your appointed path,
and to deny that is to walk the road that has but one
end.”

Eldrad stopped beside a long and gracefully curved
crystal tree, its structure veined with darting lights and
the suggestion of a peaceful face swimming in its
depths.

“These are dark times for our people, Niadien,” began
Eldrad. “The one called the Despoiler readies his
armies and the Mon-Keigh do not heed my warnings.”

“What has this to do with us, Lord Ulthran?” growled
Niadien. “If the Mon-Keigh wish to destroy
themselves, let them. Ulthwé is all that matters.”

The Farseer nodded. “Normally I would agree with
you, but there are other forces at work here, Niadien.
The silver warriors of the Yngir have returned.”

“The Necrontyr? After so long?”

“Yes. They seek to destroy the remaining Talismans of
Vaul and without them, we are helpless against the
star gods.”

“We should have taken them from the Mon-Keigh
before they could lose them to the Despoiler,” said
Niadien, unable to contain the venom in his tone.

“True,” agreed Eldrad, “but the Jackal God’s foresight
stretches from the dawn of time and eclipses even
mine. He isolated the Gothic sector and we had not
the strength to stop him. But there is worse, Niadien.
Ahriman, the sorcerer of the Red Cyclops, has
breached the webway and he brings his soulless
warriors and the power of ancient magicks.”

Niadien recoiled in horror at the thought of a minion
of Chaos within the sacred pathways of the Eldar.
Such an affront could not be tolerated and his
warrior’s spirit burned with fury at this upstart Mon-
Keigh’s temerity.

“He seeks the Black Library and the ancient
knowledge it contains. He must not discover it, for
there are secrets it keeps that should never have been”
revealed, even to us.”

“He will not discover it while I draw breath,” assured
Niadien. “My strike force is assembled and our
webway portal is prepared. We await only your order
to depart. Send us to war, Lord Ulthran!”

“In time, Niadien, in time,” soothed Eldrad, staring
wistfully at the crystal trees of his ancestors; Farseers
stretching back to the time of the Fall. “The Dark Kin
are also aware of the breach in the webway and mass”
for war. Their efforts to save the twilight city of
Commorragh will be vain and the bloodshed they
will unleash will only make things worse. There is one
amongst them who thirsts for my death and he does
not care that his actions will lead his people, as well as
ours, to their doom.”

“What would you have me do, Lord Ulthran?”

Eldrad turned and rested his hand upon the shoulder
guard of Niadien’s armour, feeling the lust for violence
of all the Exarchs who had worn the armour before
Niadien straining to be unleashed in battle once more.

“We must awake the Avatar of Kaela Mensha Khaine,
Niadien We will need his strength and the fury if his
presence to prevail in the coming war. I have seen
many futures leading to this point and in all of them
the Avatar walks among us.”

Niadien felt his heart swell with pride as he realised
what must come next.

“This is why I have called you here,” said Eldrad
mournfully, drawing a garland of wraithornes from a
pouch at his waist.

“You have been chose, Niadien. You are to be the
Young King.”
%
The weak will always be led by the strong. Where the
strong see purpose and act, the weak follow; where the
strong cry out against fate, the weak bow their hands
and succumb. There are many who are weak; and
many are their temptations. Despise the weak for they
shall flock to the call of the Daemon and the
Renegade. Pay them not and scorn their cries of
innocence - it is better that one hundred innocently
fall before the wrath of the Emperor that one kneels
before the Daemon.

                   - The First Book of Indoctrinations
%
The wise man learns from the deaths of others.
%
The Worldeaters Land Raider
rumbled across the debris-strewn
ground in the armoury’s outer
courtyard, crushing steel and stone
beneath its armoured treads as small
arms fire pattered harmlessly against
its adamantium skin. Its hull-
mounted heavy bolters raked the
loyalist position, the mass-reactive
shells cutting down Imperial
Guardsmen by the dozen. A missile
speared out from the barricades,
smashing into the vehicle’s side.
The explosion rocked the Raider
and slewed it sideways, but the tank
rolled onwards, its thick, multi-
layered armour absorbing the impact.

The Traitor Marine driver gunned
the engine and drove the Raider
straight over the top of the
Imperial position, scattering
Guardsmen and crushing those not
quick enough to dodge the
armoured leviathan. The tracks spun
in the air, throwing up clouds of
dust before the tank crashed down
again. Its twin-linked laser cannons
fired powerful lances of energy at
the bronze doors of the armoury,
blasting them from the building in
a blossom of red flame. The Raider
squealed to a halt, its front ramp
dropping and a hail of combi-bolter
fire spewing from within. The few
defenders that had survived the
explosion were scythed down in a
heartbeat. Terminators in blood red
armour poured from the vehicle,
through the shattered gateway and
into the garrison’s armoury.
Resistance was futile.
%
        +++

 There are greater
glories to be known
in this strange age
  than the simple
triumph of victory.

        +++
%
“There is no art more beautiful and diverse than the art
of Death.”

                                    Laconfir of Biel-Tan
%
THERE IS NO PEACE AMONGST THE STARS.
In the grim darkness of the far future there is only war. In this age of battles veteran warriors are marked not
just by scars, but also with glory – their skill at arms continuing to grow alongside their fame. Yet new challenges
await even the mightiest - the deadly confines of urban battlefields see grand tactical maneouvres supplanted
by painstaking and punishing building-to-building skirmishes. Great heroes and veteran bands of warriors rise
to become living legends, Ork invaders salvage enemy vehicles to create their own ramshackle engines of
destruction, Commander Farsight leads the Eight to countless triumphs, and the Sisters of
Battle seek to scour all that is not pure with cleansing flames. All of this and more awaits
in the war-torn 41ˢᵗ Millennium.
%
There is no problem that cannot be solved
by the tanks of the Imperial Guard!

            Attributed to Warmaster Solar
%
THERE IS ONLY WAR.

Across the battlefields of the 41st Millennium, vast armies clash in endless battle. Apocalyptic conflicts shake
worlds to their bedrock, billions slain in mere hours amidst storms of fire and blades. Invading armies sweep
down from the darkness of the void, and hurl themselves onto the guns of towering fortresses in search of victory
no matter the cost. Crucial strategic assets and sacred sites are mired in gore as armies clash to possess them. Relic
battle-tanks blast their enemies apart amidst venomous groves of predatory plant-life, while churning warp storms
engulf entire worlds even as armies battle to the death across their blazing continents. From desperate last stands
to heroic duels, finely balanced contests of strategy to blood-drenched campaigns
that span a dozen battlefields, all of these tales of conquest and countless more are
told time and again in this dark age of war.
%
         +++

  There will always
  be shadows, but no
 darkness can survive
the blinding light of
 the Emperor's hate.

         +++
%
'These craft could be called fearsome, I
suppose. But give me a thousand Valkyries to fill the
sky with fire, and we see what is left of these
alien filth that is worth fearing.'

-Air Marshal Zutrov before the Battle of the Borenza Gulf
%
“This is where the main implantation takes place,”
announced Malus, gesturing to a wide steel table that
looked more like a torture device than surgical
apparatus. Various bindings of different sizes were
chained to its surface, along with a complex mechanism
of blades, saws and drills which hung on a hydraulic arm
over the operating table. The floor around its feet, which
the Inquisitor noted were bolted into the flagstones, was
stained dark red from centuries of spilt blood.

“Rest assure, we are most vigilant in our ablutions and
the maintenance of cleanliness,” Malus told the
Inquisitor, noticing his gaze on the discoloured flags.
“Many of the organs must be implanted whilst the
subject is in fully coherent status, and there can be
much pain, more than we can compensate for with
pharmaceuticals.”

“I see,” the Inquisitor replied after a moment’s though,
his hand resting on a great iron ring protruding from the
bench, positioned to grip the occupant’s chest.

“And where do you keep the gene-seed before it is
implanted?” he asked, turning to face Malus.

The Apothecary gestured to a massive reinforced door
behind the Inquisitor. Coils of pipes ran through the
walls, and large runes of Varsavian script were painted
in red across the door lintel.

“Afraid it will get stolen?” the Inquisitor commented
sarcastically, pointing towards the heavy barring on the
portal.

“No, Inquisitor,” Malus replied heavily. “The gene-seed
storage facility is the most heavily armoured location in
the fortress-monastery, even including the arsenal. If the
monastery is destroyed, it will survive and the Silver
Skulls can be reborn in the future. We do not take any
risks with that.”
%
        +++

Those with purpose
    do not need
understanding. For
 the Emperor seeks
most they who obey
 without question.

        +++
%
Thought begets Heresy;
Heresy begets Retribution.
%
Though for the day: Damnation is Eternal
%
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: MARTYR THYSELF
%
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: See the alien, kill the alien.
%
Thought for the day: The end justifies the means.
%
Though for the day: The strong are strongest alone
%
Thought for the day: There is only the Emperor, and he is our shield and protector.
%
Though for the day: We shine His
light upon the heathens, for the
darkness hates the light.
%
Thought for the day: Wisdom is the
                     beginning of fear.
%
Though for the day: You carry the Emperor’s will as your torch, with it destroy the shadows.
%
“To die without purpose is not a service to the Emperor.
It is a heresy to waste lives entrusted to you as an
Imperial officer. There is nothing shameful or disloyal in
righteous retreat. But in withdrawing from the enemy’s
presence, allow him no succour. That which cannot be
saved must be destroyed. Leave no weapons, armour,
transport, food or water in your passing. Scorch the
earth at his feet, and leave him desert and desolation
as his victory gifts.”

                                            Codex Astartes
%
To: Lord Inquisitor Goreden,
    Ordo Xenos, Nemesis Tessera
From: Interrogator Kieras, Clearance Omicron
Subject: Ahriman of the Thousand Sons
Priority: Ultra High, immediate action requested.
Received: 999.M41
Message Format: Telepathic
Astropathic Duct: Chima Lomas
Thought for the day: Wisdom is the
                     beginning of fear.

Honoured inquisitor, allow me to introduce myself to you. My name is Ferdan Kieras, a loyal servant of the God-Emperor
and former pupil of Inquisitor Czevak. It has been both my pleasure and honour to serve the honourable Inquisitor for
nearly five decades in an investigative capacity, seeking out information as well as undertaking other, more esoteric
missions involving xeno creatures. As sign of my truth, I urge you to seek counsel from the Biologist at Nemesis Tessera and
verify the gene sequence data attached to this message. But now to the substance of this missive.

Is it with heavy heart I bring to your attention the disappearance of my master. I fear a terrible fate has befallen him, and
it was his instruction that in such circumstances, I should contact you and seek guidance. It had long been a dread to my
master that the being known as Ahriman of the Thousand Sons discover his whereabouts and force him to reveal hidden
knowledge imparted to him by the Eldar. To fully understand the dire implications of this, I must unfortunately reveal to
you much knowledge that should best remain secret.

As I am sure you are aware, Ahriman was once a Librarian in the Thousand Sons Legion of Space Marines, and under the
tutelage of his Primarch, Magnus the Red, learned much of the ways of sorcery. In time his mastery of blasphemous magicks
was almost equal of his cyclopean Primarch and his knowledge of forbidden lore corrupted him beyond redemption.
The Thousand Sons were also tainted and Ahriman realised that the Legion would soon be reduced to little more than
gibbering monstrosities. He conceived a great spell to save the legion, called the Rubric of Ahriman. Its energies were more
powerful than he could possibly have anticipated and its effects on the Thousand Sons devastating. Only those with
sorcerous powers were spared its effect, while the remainder of the Legion were reduced to dust within their sealed
suits of armour, becoming little more than fighting automatons. Enraged with Ahriman’s betrayal, Magnus cast him out and
since that day, Ahriman has sought ever more powerful artifacts to increase his understanding of the Warp.

One source of lore that has always eluded him is the Black Library, a vast repository of ancient secrets collated by the
Eldar and gathered together in a hidden place, unknown to the eyes of Man. Only those pure of heart and with the strength
of mind to comprehend the scale of such awful knowledge may enter this place and sup from its wisdom, and my master was
one such individual. Ahriman has long sought Inquisitor Czevak in order to wrest the location of the Black Library from
his mind, but through cunning and machination, my master has thus far eluded his nemesis. But recent developments lead
me to believe that the dread sorcerer has finally caught up with him. A Savant in my employ, having accessed secret files
of the Ordo Malleus regarding Ahriman, was recently found dead, and psychometric readings revealed and individual who
could be none other than Ahriman himself as his killer. A number of other incidents, at first glance unconnected, but upon
further scrutiny linked in the subtlest of ways, all point to the same dire conclusion. My master’s last contact was in the
region of space known as the Sentinel worlds and it is here that I shall begin my search. I shall investigate further, but
it seems clear to me that Ahriman of the Thousand Sons has ensnared Inquisitor Czevak.

If this proves to be the case, then I urge you to use whatever power you can bring to bear on this matter and despatch all
force that can be gathered to hunt down this heretic sorcerer and stop him before he achieves whatever nefarious plan he
intends to implement.

Yours in desperate need,

Kieras

Interrogator Kieras.
%
       +++

Today's butchered
  friend cannot
become tomorrow's
   hidden foe.

       +++
%
“Today had been a good day for Krukfang; plenty of
firing, plenty of speed.”
%
“Traitors, heretics, turn and face us,
it’s cleansing time” Sergeant
DeJano roared like a madman as
he triggered his flamer. The line of
Chaos Marines were engulfed in
flame. From below the parapet, two
further gouts of flame roared up
and over the crenellated wall,
wreathing the Night Lords in a sea
of living flame. DeJano laughed
and cried at the same time, certain
that after their charge through hell
to get there, the 122ⁿᵈ had once
again triumphed. Then the flames
died and the Chaos Marines turned
to face DeJano and his comrades.
Their ceramite armour was
blackened but not one had fallen.
With a precise click, a line of
bolters was brought to bear.

Down in the courtyard Captain
Fane heard the voice of Sergeant
DeJano crying out in despair,
ended by a burst of bolter fire and
cruel laughter.
%
Transmitted: Hunter Fleet Phaleg
Received: Tower of Angels
Destination: Grand Master Azrael
Intercept/Redirect: None, Inner Circle
members restricted
Date: 3677999M41
Telepathic Duct: Epistolary Kheros
Ref: FLN/30724592/IP
Author: Interrogator-Chaplain Phaleg

The tarot has guided me truthfully as always.
On Amistel, I captured three of the disciples
of a heretic calling himself the Voice of the
Emperor. They proved quite informative. They
received their orders on Lelithar where the cult
of the voice is the strongest. Their descriptions
of the Cult Magos conforms with Fallen one-
zero-zero. I urge you to bring the Tower of
Angels and all the might of our Chapter to
Agrapinna sector. One-zero-zero’s machinations
have destabilized the entire sector and
provoked a substantial response from the
Ecclesiarchy. Stealth will not serve. We will
need to fight our way through to him. That
he should be sighted so openly, so close to
the remains of Caliban in times such as
there demands urgency.

I believe that the Gate is about to be
stormed. Our final reckoning with the Fallen
is at hand.
%
Trooper Douro: Sir, I put a plasma gun
shot dead centre on the machine’s chest
and saw it go down. It didn’t make any
difference, they kept coming, no matter
how much fire we poured into them. I lost
count of how many shots I fired, but half
the time these things just got back up
again!

Colonel Montague: You are sure the weapons
were properly consecrated before the
engagements? The war spirits were honoured?

Trooper Douro: Yes, damn it, we- [Sergeant
Bullen administer physical correction for
use of inappropriate language before a
senior office] Yes… yes, the weapon
spirits were honoured.

Colonel Montague: The continue. What
happened next.

Trooper Douro: I saw Lukiz and Hucks
collapse, their skin and muscle stripped
from their bodies by these metal daemons’
weapons, it was horrible. The Chimera was
giving us some good fire support, but
even that could barely keep them at bay.
Our line was holding, just, but then I
saw a swarm of gleaming, beetle-like
things sweep over our heads and attach
themselves to the tank. Before we knew
what was happening they detonated and
blasted the Chimera’s turret clean off.
One of them must’ve hit the magazine… a
second later it blew sky high, taking two
of Red Company’s squads with it.

Colonel Montague: Did you see anything
other than the mechanical warriors and the
swarming machines that destroyed the
Chimera.

Trooper Douro: Uh… yes. Like I said, no
matter how hard we hit ’em, we, couldn’t
stop their advance, but we were still
putting a lot of ’em down. Then as I went
back to get more plasma cells for my gun,
I saw this weird black light, like a
miniature tornado suddenly appear behind
Blue Company’s heavy weapons platoon. I
shouted a warning, but it was too late.
More of these mechanical devils emerged
from that darkness and fired a volley of
shots into them. [Subject sobs
uncontrollably for several minutes until
disciplinary correction administered by
Sergeant Bullen] Sorry… then this
creature in crumbling robes and carrying a
staff that crackled with power was amongst
them and carved them up. I saw the
Captain cut in two and Commissar Vaughn
was ripped apart by this monster’s
bodyguard. The rest of the platoon broke
and ran, but I was quicker. I managed to
get to the bunker and, Emperor forgive
me, I locked the door and hid. I didn’t
come out for three days but, when I did,
there was nothing left.

Colonel Montague: You are a disgrace to
the regiment, Douro. You are scum of the
worst kind, a deserter and a coward and I
shall take great pleasure in watching your
execution. Take him away sergeant.

                 Excerpt from court-martial
            interrogation of Trooper Douro,
                XXIX Pyran Dragoons 999.M41
%
       +++

True victory lies
not in mercy, but
 in the wholesale
  eradication of
    your foe.

       +++
%
‘Trust not the xenos, for
they wish to take what is
ours. Trust not in flesh, for
it is weak and corruptible.
Perform well the rites to
guard against malfunction
and put thy trust in the
Machine God. Only through
His divine weaponry may our
salvation be obtained.’

- Excerpt from Litnus Aeternitas
%
