The facade of military authority opened to
the cult that thrice-warded portal behind
which lay the secrets of the Omnissiah’s
own priesthood, and the alpha-level data-
psalms to which only they were privy.
In retrospect, it is woefully apparent
that it was possession of this forbidden
lore that allowed the xenocult to commune
with the machine spirits of the Bastion-
class forcefields that ringed Dirkden
Hivesprawl, and to induce in them such a
state of temporary torpor that those same
fields gave the appearance of suffering
mechanical failures.

There can be little doubt that it was this
sudden appearance of defensive weakness
that enticed a substantial force of Ork
raiders to turn their course towards
Dirkden, surely hoping for the violent
revelry for which that brute species is
so infamous. So were the Vigilant Guard
- those elements that remained loyal but
lamentably blind to the corruption within
their ranks - impressed upon to sally
forth from Glaive Point to the Rescalid
Underworks, that they might fight valiantly
for those they were oath-sworn to protect.

Now came that deed for which, if the God
Emperor’s justice truly extends beyond
the veil separating the tangible and the
spiritual, the cultists of the Pauper
Princes shall writhe forever upon His
vengeful pyre in punishment. Sighting the
coiling thunderheads of saline dust, which
surely marked the approaching vehicular
cavalcade of the greenskin invaders, the
xenocultists commenced their uprising
throughout Dirkden proper. Moreover, with
the damnably felicitous synchronicity of
conspirators who have plotted the hour of
their perfidy to meticulous exactitude, it
was at this moment that the Pauper Princes
also roused Dirkden’s forcefields to a
state of obdurate wakefulness once more.

So did the brave men and women of the
Vigilant Guard find themselves marooned
beyond the walls of their fastness,
unable either to regain access to their
stronghold or to intervene on behalf of
those luckless loyalists left within.

One might reasonably argue that in the
bloodshed that followed, the admonishing
hand of the God-Emperor was still at work.
After all, does He not ultimately preside
over all that transpires across the
infinite immensity of his realm? And night
He not have sought to punish those whose
lack of the very vigilant qualities for
which they were named had permitted the
tragic state to which Dirkden Hivesprawl
was now brought? Yet it is hard to see
anything of the God-Emperor in the one-
sided slaughter that unfolded.

How those xeno—tainted apostates upon
the walls must have leered at the loyal
soldiery so outnumbered by the barbarous
greenskins — some of them slain while
holding their ground valiantly against the
impossible odds, others cut down as they
sought with vengeful desperation to gain
readmission to the stronghold that until
so recently had been their salvation.

The final tragic footnote to this
inglorious tale can be found in the
cowardly night of those Dirkden citizens
who, being yet preserved from the xenos
taint but lacking the piety or moral fibre
to stand in defence of this corner of the
Emperor’s realm, chose instead to gather
their loved ones and meagre possessions
and nee across the dubious boundary of
the Hyperia—Dirkden Fortwall. lt can now
easily be seen why the Pauper Princes
evinced so little interest in halting
these faithless refugees, and how they
instead swathed themselves in the tags
and coveralls of the honest Imperial serf
before joining the rivers of…
%
