Upon the dead world of Cthelmax, our
Adeptus Mechanicus Explorator team
researched the ruins beneath the
fractured crust of this barren rock.
Several previous expeditions to this
planet had already been lost, but an
entire company of veteran soldiers and a
squad of Space Marines guarded this
expedition. Upon our arrival at the site
of the previous expedition, we were
astounded to find a battle underway
between a group of dark-armored
warriors and strange silver-skinned
constructs of gleaming metal. They
fought before a pipping gateway of
jade-veined darkness as a being with
skin of shimmering gold killed the
warriors with ease, each languorous blow
from its hand cutting a warrior down.

But I saw that, alone among the dark
warriors, a single figure darted through
the combat, fired twin pistols, and
evaded every blow. As the golden being
turned to face him, he slashed its torso
with a shining silver knife. No sooner
had the blade struck than it was
wrenched from his hand and swallowed
whole within the being’s golden flesh.
The sounds of battle continued, and a
dark veil dropped around the
combatants. When next I looked, there
was no sign that anything had occurred.
The area was completely empty.

Explorator Majoris Doreth [suppressed].M41
                    Cthelmax - Primus Site
%
UPRISING:
VIGILUS
The Cult of the Pauper Princes spent centuries building its strength upon the sentinel world of Vigilus. From a single
Purestrain Genestealer that slinked into the seismic caverns beneath Megaborealis sprang the cult following of Grandsire
Wurm, which spread slowly through every hivesprawl on the planet. Their uprising was triggered prematurely by the arrival
of an Ork Speedwaaagh! led by the formidable greenskin Speedboss Krooldakka. The ambushes, insurgent attacks and bloody
takeovers that followed formed but one aspect of the tumultuous War of Beasts. Yet throughout the subsequent years of
anarchic violence, the Pauper Princes remained the most insidious and elusive threat to Vigilus. Their conquest of Dirkden
Hivesprawl was emblematic of the merciless cunning with which the cult’s plans were laid and enacted.
%
