Wave upon wave of xenos beset the Basilica of Saint Char, yet even as hope faded, even as their casualties continued to climb, still the
Order of the Bloody Rose stood firm. By bolter and by blade, with fire and with faith undimmed, they fought back the foe.
%
We are at War with
forces too terrible to
comprehend. We
cannot afford mercy
for any of its victims
too weak to take the
morally correct
course. Mercy
destroys us, it
weakens us and saps
our resolve. Put
aside all such
thoughts. They are
not worthy of
Inquisitors in the
service of Our
Emperor. Praise his
Name, for in our
resolve we only
reflect his purpose of
will.

- The Book of Exorcisms, The
  Verses of Inquisitor Enoch
%
'We have crossed the Sea
of Stars in the name of the
Allfather and the Wolf-King.
These voyages were a time
for camaraderie, a time for
meditation, a time to prepare
for glories to come. But we are
at voyage’s end, my brothers,
and now shall our warrior
fury be unleashed.'
              -Brand Sabrewulf,
          Lord of Magnir’s Crag
%
‘We hold them here or we fight them on the hallowed ground
of Terra itself. I for one would rather see a million human
lives lost here than allow a single Ork to set foot on Earth.’

                     General Pavlov, Armageddon Command Guard.
%
“We only just made
it to the bunker.
Dozens of dead
hands scrabbled and
clawed at the view
ports the whole
night long. Then
Olex began to
cough…”

– Private Cur, currently
            quarantined.
%
“We shall give bloody praise to the
Lord of Pleasure and sing his name
as we dance across the fallen. Follow
me my children, and you shall taste
the undreamt joys that lie beyond the
bounds of mortal sense.”

   - Fabius Bile, Liutenant Commander
            of the Emperor’s Children
%
“We stand at a junction, with roads leading to both abject defeat and glorious victory. In order to choose the right
path to follow we need first to look back along the road that has led us to this point…”

                                                                                                   Commissar Yarrick
%
“We’re safe ’ere Gobbitz. There’s no way da beakies can get to us at the top of dis cliff…”

                                   Last words of Gibli the Gretchin before being overrun by
                                   Space Marine Assault troops from the Salamanders Chapter
%
“We’ve been ‘claiming’ this damned planet for the
Imperium all of my life, and all of my father and
grandfathers lives before that. I just wish someone
would get round to telling those damned Orks to get off
our damned land!”

                                                 – Anon
%
“We’ve got our Gargantz an’ we’ve got our weapons. Wot
ain’t we got? We ain’t got anyfing for target practice iz
wot! So I’ll tell you wot we’re gonna do. We’re gonna give
da Humies a taste of ‘ot metal death is wot. We’s gonna
take Big Gork and Big Mork ‘ere an’ we’s gonna stomp
Hummie!”

       Warlord Dragnatz prepares the Boyz for the Waaargh!
%
“Well, I never expected that to happen…”

              Last words of Colonel Einz
%
“What are these dirty little things doing here? Where are
our cities? Who has murdered the Children of Asuryan?!”

                                 Mauryon returns to Baran
%
What do I ask of my officers? Merely that they
do their duty with fire in their bellies and a prayer
on their lips.

                     Lord Castellan Ursarkar E. Creed
%
What I cannot crush with words I will crush with
the tanks of the Imperial Guard!

                  Lord Commander Solar Macharius
%
‘WHEREVER THE WARRIORS OF THE ADEPTA SORORITAS MAKE MARCH, TO THAT PLACE DO THEY BEAR THE LIGHT OF THE
MOST HOLY EMPEROR OF MANKIND. WHATSOEVER THAT LIGHT DOES TOUCH UPON, SO IS THAT THING THEN THE EMPEROR’S
BY RIGHTFUL CLAIM. ONWARDS MARCH THE BATTLE SISTERS, AND SO IT IS THAT THEY SHALL CLAIM IN FULLNESS OF TIME
ALL THAT THERE IS FOR THE MASTER OF MANKIND, AND THUS THEN SHALL IT BE ’TIL FATE’S LAST FITFUL TURNINGS.’

                                                   - Scriptorus Conquestus, vol. XXXI, chapter 84, verse 17
%
Who pledged his loyalty?
The Warmaster
Whom did we serve in faith?
The Warmaster
From whom did we take our name?
The Warmaster
Who was denied to us?
The Warmaster
But whom shall we remake?
The Warmaster
And who shall lead us to victory?
The Warmaster

         - Black Legion Catechism
%
“Why, if it isn’t Brother Marius. The injuries from the last
training exercise have healed well I see. And that new
bionic eye should prove most useful for this next
exercise. Tell me, how many hours have you had on Land
Speeders up to now?”

                                     Veteran Sergeant Kesser
%
WHY ORK BLOOD IS RED…

Segment CXVI: ork Physiology and pigmentation by Genetor-Major Anzion

TRANSMITTED: .............................BELIAL V
RECEIVED: ................................GYNDRA
DATE: ....................................3203997.M53
TELEPATHIC DUCT: .........................Astropath-terminus Holroyd
REF: .....................................Inq.XR.01044310/A.sub34
AUTHOR: ..................................GENETOR-MAJOR ANZION
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: .....................MARTYR THYSELF

Many novitiates have queried me in the past as to why, given the symbiosis of
algal material in Ork DNA, their greenish pigmentation is apparent only in their
skin and not other parts of their anatomy such as blood plasma, inside the
mouth, internal organs, and so on. The answer to this is simple. Much like more
primitive plant forms, the green pigment of Orks is produced by photosynthesis
occurring in algae just beneath the skin, a phenomenon which does not affect
internal tissues. This means that an Ork’s blood, with its oxygen-rich
haemoglobin, is just as red as that of homo sapiens and often more so due to
its enhanced capacity for carrying oxygen.
%
With a soft hum, the doors opened and a burly figure
stepped through, swathed in a red cloak. As the elevator
doors hissed shut behind him, Inquisitor Thraxx gazed
around the chamber.

“Apothecary Malus?” Thraxx asked the room in general
and one of the assembled Space Marines stepped
forward, his power armour replaced by a long white
robe.

“I am he,” the Apothecary replied in a deep voice,
bowing his head slightly to look at the Inquisitor.

“I have come to Varsavia to further investigate the purity
of the Silver Skulls’ gene-seed, following a study of the
reports by your Lord of the Household,”

“Of course, Inquisitor,” Malus replied smoothly. “I shall
show you our Apothecarion. We have nothing to hide.”
%
With the thrice-damned renegades of lewd Slaanesh,
your well-tried techniques of forceful inquisition will
serve you ill. These voluptuaries and heretics that
debase themselves before their so-called Lord of Dark
Delights are not to be unburdened of their lisping
truths by subtle pressures or the keen probing of your
instruments. Conspiring against all decency even in
such matters, these libertines take pleasure from our
inquiries, debauching themselves with inhuman
dissolution upon the racks and wheels of Verity. For
these abominations, other methods are required…

                  - The Teachings of Inquisitor Magnus.
%
