                                           XENO REPORT

Tyranid Lifeform 0104431/A/Sub34.1
Identification code name - LICTOR

                 <<<<<<<<<<<< By edict of the Ordo Xenos >>>>>>>>>>>>
		                         For distribution to:
Departmento Munitorum Imperial Guard command staff of Emeritar level clearance and above.
             Adeptus Arbites Precint houses, investigative and judicial courts.
          Planetary Defence Force commanders subject to governance audit 896.

TRANSMITTED:................................ Talasa Prime
RECEIVED:................................... Macragge
DESTINATION:................................ Kar Duniash
DATE:....................................... 3203993.M41
TELEPATHIC DUCT:............................ Astropath-terminus Halreisian
REF:........................................ Inq.XR.01044310/A.sub34
AUTHOR:..................................... Inquisitor Kryptman
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY:........................ See the alien, kill the alien.

The following briefing has been prepared to raise awareness
of the need for vigilance against the Tyranid ‘Lictor’
lifeform, in particular on frontier worlds of the Ultima
Segmentum. Recipients of this report are ordered to
disseminate its content in appropriate cultural fashion to
Imperial forces in their area of operation (Inquisition Order
HA/3210/44NK.00021234). The contents of this report may,
by necessity, need to be modified or in part omitted to
prevent Alien-panic or Xeno-shock responses. It is the full
responsibility of the recipients of this report to avoid
terminology and imagery which will induce fear, cowardice,
and anti-Imperial sentiments while disseminating its contents.
Individuals who betray their loyalty to the Emperor in this
matter will be subject to summary Inquisitorial punishment.

BEHAVIOURAL INDEX - STALKER/PREDATOR
Lictors are an infiltration/reconnaissance lifeform most
commonly dropped via Mycetic spore ahead of Tyranid main
force hive fleets. They are delivered by quasi-independent
seeker drones which jump ahead of the main fleet swarm, in
all probability to assess life bearing worlds and their
autochthonous inhabitants prior to the arrival of the hive ships
(typically a four to twelve weeks delay). The Lictors perform a
similar function to the seeker drones on the planet itself. They
rove ahead of the Tyranid ground swarms seeking out pockets
of enemy resistance and native lifeforms to be absorbed.

Lictors are often referred to by Imperial troops as Spooks or
Mantis Stalkers because of their unnerving behavioural patterns
and combat techniques. It is believed that stalking Lictors
exude a pheromone trail which draws other Tyranid creatures
in their wake and it is likely that a larger concentration of
prey stimulates a stronger pheromone response and brings a
larger group of trailing Tyranids. It is difficult to assess
whether all Tyranid attacks are preceded by Lictor activity as
their adaptations make them extremely difficult to detect.

However, where reports of Lictor activity have been filed they
are invariably followed by a Tyranid main force attack within
two to forty eight hours. With the approach of a ground
swarm, the Lictors revert to a predatory role and conduct
independent attacks on patrols and outposts. Hence there is a
strong likelihood that an overdue patrol or unresponsive
outpost will be due to Lictor attacks. Regular reporting and
sharp vigilance is strongly recommended in any area where
Tyranids are known to be active.

XENO TYPE - TYRANID WARRIOR GENUS
Lictors appear to be a stable mutation of the Tyranid Warrior
genus, heavily adapted for survival in hostile environments and
a stalker/predator role. They are intelligent and capable of
independent action. They possess highly developed sensory
organs which enable them to see, smell, hear and taste prey
long before it becomes aware of a Lictor’s presence.

Lictors are covered with tiny chamaleonic scales which shift
their colour and texture to match their surroundings. These
make Lictors exceedingly difficult to spot except at very close
ranges (typically one to three metres according to reports from
survivors of Lictor attacks). In close quarter combat, Lictors
revert to their normal colouration in accordance with their
‘parent’ hive fleet (information on hive fleet colouration is
detailed in the Alien Recognition Index Volumes XI to XIX).
A Lictor’s body gives off little heat and the creature is
apparently capable of remaining completely motionless for days
at a time, so even energy and motion surveyors are of little
use in divining their presence.

COMBAT ABILITIES
Lictors are highly evolved for dealing death with a whole
arsenal of bio-weaponry. These include mantis-like upper claws,
envenomed lower talons, feeder tentacles and barbed flesh
hooks. The powerful upper claws form their primary weapons
and are edged with a fractal chitin compound. A Lictor’s upper
claws have been noted as being capable of penetrating up to
80mm of Armaplas and shattering up to twentyfold ceramite
sheathing. The lower talons are used for ‘silent kills’ on life
forms and include venom channels containing a deadly
haemotoxin.

The Lictors’ feeder tentacles are tipped with sharp, bony plates
which are used to lobotomize immobilised victims. The Lictor
will then use the most foul of its abilities, the omophaegic
practice of directly absorbing a victim genetic data and
immediate memories by consuming their brains.

The flesh hooks are the most unusual of the Lictor’s weapons.
They are formed out of carbon-based chitin with a
monomolecular edge and attached to lengths of tough muscle
fibre situated between the ribs. The hooks are fired by a sharp
intercostal muscle spasm, allowing Lictors to snare their victims
from distance. The flesh hooks are also sometimes used as
grapnels which allow Lictors to scale vertical surfaces at speed.

CONCLUSION
The Lictor xeno-type has undergone few observable adaptations
since it first appeared in the Imperium. The earliest autopsies
of Lictors from Hive Fleet Behemoth at the Battle of
Macragge are entirely consistent with those from Hive Fleet
Kraken on Ichar IV. This indicates that the Lictor is a well
adapted to its function as can be, unlike the more fluid,
unfixed xeno-types which appear to undergo almost continuous
gene-splicing and forced evolution as the Tyranids attempt to
‘grow’ extra advantages for their predatory conquest.

It is imperative that Lictor activity is looked for and where
found it should be vigorously suppressed. Concealment and
undergrowth should be cleared for a distance around
strongpoints and fortifications. Active patrols must be used to
sweep wilderness areas, with pre-planned routes and regular
report times organised so that casualties can be quickly located.
Alert drills must be practised so that garrisons can be
promptly organised for the Tyranid main force arrival.
Deathworld veteran troops should be employed to meet the
threat of Lictors wherever possible, as their natural fieldcraft
and hunting abilities are likely to succeed where orbital
surveyors and other devices fail.

Inquisitor Kryptman
%
