“I shall tell you of the Singular Histories and Lamentable Fates of the brothers von Gottlieb…
Look into the fire, gentles, for my words can paint pictures in the flames. Look deep, and
drift slowly on the heat…”

The old man closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair. His voice was soft and warm
in the candlelit gloom.

“Lothar and Johann von Gottlieb. Regard them, in their fine silks and soft leathers. They
crave power, glory, success and all that accompanies such - much as do other men. They
are ambitious, and in this they match their father, but of him I will speak no further; the
old Baron is not yet in his grave.

“Darkness in their hearts. They have listened, watched and learned, understanding little,
Slaanesh has promised Lothar pleasures beyond pleasure. Khorne has offered nothing,
but Johann demands nothing. He has already killed, and found it to his taste. See, now
the two hate each other! Brotherly love often turns to the deepest hate.

“And their hate drove them from home, into the bosom of the Chaos Powers. Did Johann
chase Lothar, seeking his blood? Or did he run from the decadent pleasures Lothar
sought in his company? It matters not. Each chose the steep and slippery path of Chaos,
hatred the first handhold, the loathing of a brother the first step. Now begins the scramble!
‘Such a short, easy climb,’ croons Slaanesh. ‘A true warrior has no fear,’ bellows Khorne!

“Their climb can end in but one of the two ways: the triumphant shriek, voiced from the throat
of a newly-birthed Daemon, or the gibbering of a once-man, a Chaos Spawn, wallowing
in the stench of its own failure, condemned by Fate and abandoned by Mercy. Which
fate is worse? Ah, now there is a question…”
%
In what can pleasure be found?
Why, anything! Let your
imagination run unbound by
petty convention. Revel in the
acts brought by your knowledge
of Slaanesh. Even in the
sternest discipline of arms there
is satisfaction. So are the Lord
of Pleasure’s armies brought to
the field, willing and ready for
the fray.

                - The Hidden Tome
                      of Slaanesh
%
‘It’s nothing like me! You promised me
that it would be an excellent likeness.
Two hundred you’ve had and for this…
this… ordure.’ Von Gottschalk was
furious. He prodded the offending
bronze statue with his walking stick.

The artist wiped the mark from
the statue’s foot with a soft cloth.
He sighed.

‘The two hundred barely covered my
materials, my lord. The portrait is
exact, taken from the cartoons I
prepared last month. The posture is
yours, the demeanour military and
noble, the size as specified, no more
than two feet. You saw and approved
the waxes.’

‘It is rubbish. And now I suppose
you’ll want your final three hundred,
eh? Well, damn you. I won’t pay.’

The artist said nothing as von
Gottschalk left. He stood by the
window and watched the pompous fool
stride down the street. ‘Be careful who
you damn, fool.’

By midnight, all was finished. The
chalk markings on the artist’s work
table had been the hardest job, so
precise, and to all to be drawn from
memory. But now von Gottschalk’s
statue stood in the middle of the largest
chalk circle. Even the girl he had
chosen from the street below was ready
to do her part. Gold had cured her
reluctance. The artist picked up a
mallet, testing its balance and weight.
Perfect. He began to whisper softly.
The room grew warm.

The girl stepped forward, and ran a
finger down the statue. She caressed
it, stroked it, traced its contours and
shapes. Her fingers left faint lines of
sweat and grease on the bronze.
The artist’s whisper had become a
soft chant.

Von Gottschalk stirred from his
dreams. A piece of cheese, or too much
of that Tilean wine, no doubt. He
rolled over.

The artist’s eyeballs were rolled back.
His breath was a hoarse rasp, a single
word, endlessly repeated. The mallet
was raised above his head.

‘Slaanesh! Slaanesh! Slaanesh!
Slaanesh! Slaanesh!…’

The girl turned and shrieked. The
mallet came down with all the artist’s
strength. The statue toppled slowly,
as if held up by an unseen hand. Its
head was cracked, and and as it landed,
the face fell off.

In his bed, von Gottschalk fell silent.
%
