“Johann had no diversions. Thought was driven from his min in a welter of gore and
destruction, a curse of weaklings and the disloyal. His path was sure and his climb awash
with the blood of those he had slain in Khorne’s name. He had scaled the heights of devotion
to the Blood God, and yet his journey was not over. In his still-mortal hand he clutched
a Daemon Blade, a creature of darkness forged anew and given terrible shape with a keen,
bloody-hungry edge. Its clawed hilts and pommel grasped at Johann’s loyalty and held it steady.

“Armed and armoured in Khorne’s colours and in a fashion pleasing to himself, it had
been a long time since Johann could have passed as an ordinary man. And yet, through
Khorne’s power he could appear as mundane as any normal man. His appearance itself
could deceive and trick, sowing uncertainty amongst his enemies. In that moment of doubt,
Johann could throw aside his mask - much as a mummer at the end of a play - and, in
the instant of doubt, strike.”

The old man paused, and stared into the fire for a moment. His listeners, their own drinks
forgotten, watched as he filled his wine glass and sipped with surprising delicacy.

“Doubt breeds further doubts, and Lothar’s uncertainty was indeed prolific. His thoughts
weighed him down, or perhaps it was the further pain of his latest transformation. Lothar’s
eyes, as cunning as his tongue at weakening the resolve of his sometimes willing victims,
were merging into a massive and singular orb. Possibly Lothar’s alteration was a punishment
from Slaanesh, for a neglected lover is vengeful indeed.

“Lothar paused in his climb to power, and discovered anew that an upward path often has
no safe downward course. Trapped and helpless, doomed to climb further and yet lacking
the daring and courage to take the final steps, Lothar slipped. He hung to his sanity, or
at least such of it as remained, by his fingertips…
%
“Johann von Gottlieb. Murderer, hater, willing servant of Khorne. His bloody road
led him deeper into Chaos. He was unwise when he first killed, and with each killing
his folly grew. Each death marked him as Khorne’s own, each drop of blood raised
him in Khorne’s sight. But it was his last killing as a true man that marked him out:
Johann slaughtered one of Khorne’s Champions.

“In that moment he bellowed his victory to the sky. The Champion’s blood was for
Khorne. The Champion’s armour, a suit of darkest metal, forged in some far smithy
of Chaos, was for Johann. In that moment, Johann’s handhold was firm, his reach
was long enough for the climb ahead. And in that moment, the darkness within burst
free, and Johann was marked as the Blood God’s servant. Two terrible curved horns,
like those of a ram, sprouted from his forehead.

“And what of the other Gottlieb? There are many roads to Chaos, and Lothar
galloped down his chosen path. Nothing was beyond him. No creature, man, woman
or child, living or dead, was safe from his depravity. His behaviour would have shamed
a Bretonnian.”

At the back of the room a young woman sniggered and leaned forward in her chair.
The old man sipped his wine and held up a finger. Questions died on the girl’s lips.

“I will say no more of that. But, young lady, you also wish to know whether Lothar
was marked by Chaos. You want to know whether you could see the mark… as if that
proved his guilt. Lothar was tainted from the moment he began his climb towards the
power and pleasure of Slaanesh!

“His loyalty was hidden from casual eyes. It was his hands, my dear, his hands. Fools
wondered why Lothar always wore gloves, and pitied his rheumatic fingers. The creature
within had shown itself, and Lothar’s long, clever fingers had become bestial claws.
The first mark of Slaanesh was made, and Lothar bore it with quiet and
misguided pride…
%
“Johann’s face matched his nature perfectly. He had become a hunter of men, but he
was, in deed and thought, no longer a true man. Only the outer shell remained, for
within he was Khorne’s creature.

“Blood and slaughter had gained the Blood God’s favour for Johann, and further blood
kept Khorne’s approval. And as Johann grew in power and climbed still higher, his position
among Khorne’s chosen was distinguished in new ways. The higher Johann climbed
in power, the mightier his reach and the more savage his behaviour became. Ever and
anon, the weakest of his warband hesitated at his callousness and were counted among
the dead for their squeamishness.

“And his triumphant progress continued, Johann lost the vestiges of his human form.
No more could he be seen as a man - an extra pair of arms sprang from his shoulders!
His unearthly armour, forged from the stuff of Chaos, writhed and changed of its own
accord to match his new frame, and in doing so became more intricate and elaborate.

“The other von Gottlieb had achieved much. In a secret ritual Lothar had, for his devotion
to Slaanesh, been granted armour of his own. It was fashioned from pale leathers, perhaps
the magical skins of Chaos creatures, but its appearance was deceptive. It formally marked
him as one of Slaanesh’s chosen Champions, a despoiler and taker of pleasure.

“His status was equal to that of Johann, his brother and hated enemy, though hatred
had become almost-forgotten baggage from his past. He did not think often of the past,
for remembrance of what he had been brought realisation of what he had become. For
by no means all the infections of Slaanesh are taints of the spirit. Lothar’s flesh was
prey to the warpings and mutations of his calling. And as his chosen Chaos Power
rewarded him, his condition preyed upon his thoughts, diverting Lothar from the pleasures
to hand…”
%
