LEGIONS OF KHORNE

Excellence in battle is the highest form of worship for all of Khorne’s followers.
To fight in one of his Daemonic Legions is an honour to which all his servants
aspire. Those rewarded by this privilege treat the occasion with the utmost gravity.
Death is a serious business, and death in a Legion doubly so, for are not the eyes
of Khorne always upon his most trusted servants? That Slaaneshi followers should
treat warfare, the most sincere form of Khorne-worship, as just another pleasurable experience
is infuriating. Battle in all its forms is a sacred ritual to Khorne’s servants. Before each battle a
ritual dedicates the blood of the slain, enemies and friends alike, to the Blood God.
%
LEGIONS OF SLAANESH

Slaanesh and his servants indulge in war; it is yet another pleasure to be sampled,
not a serious business or a test of strength. War is simply a game, part of the greater
ritual, and Slaanesh is always the first to insist upon elaborate conditions and rituals
before the Legions give battle.

The followers of Slaanesh seek gratification of the senses in all things. Battle is
merely another method of finding a new warped pleasure. For Slaanesh’s servants the thrills of
battle are there to be joyfully experienced and repeated. Slaaneshi Daemons and mortal warriors
take a delight in causing pain and killing; their wanton slaughter is spurred on to greater heights
by they pleasure they find in bloodshed.
%
“Lothar’s thoughts, so full of pleasure and pain, ravaged by plague and doubt, finally
mastered him. He fell from his state of disgrace and plunged into the abyss of the used
and discarded.

“Stronger men than he had dashed themselves to pieces in the service of Chaos and a weaker
creature would have ended its own existence rather than face Lothar’s fate with the Chaos
Spawn. Yet Lothar had a strength of his own: as he fell, his purpose in following Slaanesh
was reborn, and in his changed nature loyalty flowered again like a rank weed. Even as
he was changed into a monstrous creature, Lothar shrieked eternal allegiance to his dark lord.

“Lothar’s frame was tormented and warped into an inhuman form by his new position
in Slaanesh’s hierarchy. He had been a Champion, a Daemon awaiting birth, now he was
condemned to a horrible, mindless existence. A wattled crest grew upon his head; his cyclopean
eye became stalked; tentacles, tipped with cruel claws, sprang from his shoulders; his torso
swelled to enormous size, pendulous and repulsive, and two extra legs grew from his
hips, as hairy and twisted as those of a goat.

“His fall from humanity was complete.

“As Lothar’s fall was ending so, too, was Johann’s climb.

“The other von Gottlieb had also been twisted further by Chaos, and a tail, tipped by a
snapping, human face, waved at his back. Yet such a minor mark was of little consequence
to Johann. The last handhold was taken, the last scramble made, the last victims were
slaughtered by the mortal Johann. He had kept his bloody faith with Khorne and earned
his final reward.

“Johann had reached the summit of his bloody ambition. He was no longer Khorne’s
Champion…”
%
