Servants of Khorne…

Stood from horizon to horizon, filling the air with their shrieks, gibbers and howls
of blood. Their battle banner strained in the coppery wind that blew across their
ranks. It was a banner of deepest, darkest red, with but a single rune and a legend
of simple devotion: Blood for the Blood God. At some secret signal all fell silent,
and then came a single shriek of dark and bloody loyalty, a pact of hate and death.
It echoed from leathered skins, and grew to shake the clouds. And far above the Daemon’s ranks,
there was an answering roar of approval, torn from Khorne’s brazen throat.
                                                                            - The Tome of Blood
%
Servants of Slaanesh…

…by their incantations, conjurations and accursed crafts have seduced, depraved
and corrupted both Man and Beast, bringing them low in the sight of others.
Numberless are their enormities and horrid offences; heinous and wicked their
every action. Revelling in perversity and debasement, twisted in mind and body,
these insidious servitors of the Pleasure Lord take delight in all manner of
abominable and unclean deeds. The Slaaneshi spread the depravity of Chaos to the unwary and
uncaring with heretical crimes and disobediences that cry out against nature and the true order
of the world.

Amassed on the field of battle, the electric colours of their contorted forms offend the eye as their
diseased lewdness offends the mind. Half-bared torsos of pink and blue boast of unreined lust;
others display limbs of glistening greens and yellows - pale shades of corruption which belle the
darkness they hide inside. They have abandoned the last vestige of true decency and sacrificed
their Humanity to serve the Dark Power of the Master of Carnal Joys and spread his corruption
among the innocent…
%
Slaanesh’s servants
were clad only in the
finest silks and
unblemished leathers
of the softest skin.
Their shrieks of release
at the kiss of the
sword’s edge were
hideous and foul.
Their painted lips
matched the wet-lipped,
crimson grins the blade
brought in its passing.
When battling against
such perversity,
even the savagery
of Daemons counts
for little.
%
Stand forth, Servant. The
Sword you carry has been
smelted in the heat of your
anger, forged upon your
desire, tempered in your hate,
quenched in your soul,
polished with your loyalty,
furnished with your bones
and skin, tested in your hand,
and borne i my name. You
Slave, are mine, as much as
the Blade…
%
