The Bastion Stair

… I fell then, through charnel clouds and red mists that swirled
about a land of dark ruin and much despair. The cries of some
enormous beasts, their lowings of fear and desperation, reached
my ears. And still I fell, driven now by fetid winds, towards a wall
or cliff of deepest red and blackened iron. Its top was hidden in
the clouds far above, its base was girt with boulders and skulls,
no larger in my sight than sand specks, that it piled before its
inexorable advance. The wall, for such it was, lay unbroken in
its awful perfection from horizon to horizon.

I grew afraid, for this was the Outer Realm of Khorne, the Blood
God, and this wall his Bastion, the Fortress about the Inner Lands.
It now seemed to me that the stench of Death broke my fall as
I flew onwards, towards fresh visions of this vast corner of Chaos.

And then ahead I saw a Stair, surrounded by pinnacles and
columns and arches of blood and carven bone, circled by Daemons
bound within black iron, brazen steps and hideous shrieking
mouths. All that could speak or gibber vomited forth the praises
of Khorne and shrieked out songs of Blood and Death. The Stair,
its treads never built for mortal feet, climbed the dizzy heights,
pausing at times before profane runes and stained sacrifice stones.
Within the very fabric of the Daemon-thronged Bastion were
smaller landings, each of which could have held a lofty and noble
palace of our small World. The Stair twisted and rippled on itself,
its Daemons chuckling their insane glee at its dreadful geometry.
Still it climbed, ever upwards into the clouds of gore that circled
overhead.

In all my vision, I saw not one living beast or man.

Through brazen gates and up endless steps I flew, my soul in dread
as Daemons snapped about my heels. And before my eyes, as I
rose from that place, I beheld the Fields and Meadows of Khorne
beyond the Bastion, all quite soaked in red, stained with souls,
and planted with endless lines of corpses lashed to their stakes
like a grotesquery of bean plants. A thousand thousand Daemons
cavorted with their dead and deathless buds, which were watered
by gore-filled aquaducts and ditches. The Daemons marched and
countermarched about their charges, stopping here to water the
unprecious fruits, and there to dung upon them. And the air was
filled with the taste of blood, the stench of the slaughterhouse,
the noise of blood let from countless unready throats and all about
was red beneath the brass sky of that Inner Realm…

         - Liber Malefic, The Book of Hated Khorne, Marius Hollseher
%
The black-headed axe
was mounted on a haft
of bone, smoothed to a
dull polish by the grip
of countless calloused
hands. Struck deep
into the dark-metalled
blade was a single rune,
an unforgiving skull
that held the eye
with a baleful glare.
The grim weapon lifted,
fell and reared up once
more, bloody, dripping
gore. And a fleeting,
hungry grin seemed
to pass across the
deep-etched skull.
%
The bliss of the knife’s edge,
the crimson flash of triumph,
the relief of life,
the hallowed scream of victory:
all are the pain-that-is-pleasing.
All speak of loyalty to Slaanesh,
the Lord and darkling
master of our Company.
%
The Drifting Castle

The sky above grew darker than the blackest storm and a cold
wind blew. There was no rain but a shower of mortar dust, yellowed
leaves and tatters of flags.

No storm was in the sky, but a castle much as might be found
in any mortal land. Often had I imagined clouds to be trees and
fish and mountains, and now a foible of some nameless and
uncaring power had given this fortress the guise of a cloud. It
was an island torn from the land, drifting as the mist on a breeze,
yet solid and firm. In all that I had seen, this was as strange as
any of my visions.

The castle was an empty as any ruin. Like an animal stuffed and
mounted under glass, or a fish salted in a barrel, it had been
preserved and pickled by the whim of Chaos. Cast aside, and left
to wander across the heavens, all was still and desolate in that
place. Its towers no longer knew the sounds of men, its halls held
no lofty nobles, its gates admitted no tenantry, no sentinel stood
guard, no porter waited by the gate. Even the carrion birds, sole
visitors to its sad portals, had enjoyed their fill of the
dwellers’ hospitality.

The shadow of the castle fell across my eyes, and I could see
no more.

      - Liber Malefic, The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The Inevitable City

The City was built of dark madness, and it stretched across the
land to fill me with dread, for the path I trod would bring me
to its portal. The City stones had been quarried from the night
and in all their details and dressings they celebrated wickedness.
No rain could wash the dust of evil from that place and no wind
could drive out its corrupt air. Insanity had served as architect,
engineer and master to the City’s masons, had guided all
their levels and plumblines.

I turned my steps towards the far horizon, and still the City was
before me. Once more I turned, and again, and yet another
turning. With each freshly chosen course I drew nearer to the
City gates, and its towers and walls loomed higher. The fateful
gateway was the end of every road, and despair gnawed at my heart.

As I paused to seek a new escape, I saw that I was not alone on
the inevitable, hideous path. Between myself and the City stood
a man, his head bent and his eyes downcast, lost in some deep
contemplation. As I watched, he turned towards the City. His
strides were firm, but he came no closer to the gates until he
vanished in the distant mists.

Thus was it possible to avoid the City and its brooding darkness,
and I resolved to march, against all reason, to the City. And when
I did so, the City grew no closer, but was soon lost to my sight…

     - Liber Malefic, The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The Marcher Fortress

There, the lands of Slaanesh stretched out below it, was a Fortress
of whimsies and foibles. It was an unlovely thing, stained by war
and victory. Its towers, higher than any palace, wounded the sky.
Its gateways were gaping maws that could swallow and vomit forth
whole armies. Its walls were darkened stone, veined in unnatural
colours and streaked with rotted lime and mortar. Here, at the
Marches of Slaanesh, was the Fortress, a sign of sovereignty, hated
and condemned by Khorne’s bloody-handed worshippers.

Before the Fortress gates stretched a forest o death. From the
walls to the near horizon was the dismal wrack of battle: corpses,
the rusted swords and armour of the fallen, the standards of
Slaanesh and Khorne, all abandoned and forgotten long
centuries ago.

The graves of the fallen had become a rich loam, sucked upon
by the trees of a dark forest. Pierced by tree roots, the dead had
stirred once more, and each branch bore a skull, mildewed and
pregnant with loathing, a macabre and cruel cargo. Only the
ceaseless, horrendous laughter of the trapped shades disturbed
the field. Their fleshless jaws clattered in the still air; the only
reply the creaking of a windmill’s sails and the grinding of
its stones.

For in the shadow of the castle a windmill turned, its sails moving
in the still air, and their unclean breeze stirred the tattered flags
of the dead. Within, the grindstones shuddered and groaned, while
between, pinioned and crushed, were the living corpses of the
fallen, ground to make a rich mortar of blood and bone, sinew
and brains. Thus was the Fortress maintained and strengthened,
its walls held aloft and marked by the power of mortality. Thus
was the field before it harvested.

And in the castle’s mighty halls, its Daemon overlords feasted
and broke bread, in conscious parody of Man’s small amenities.
All this I saw in an instant, and then my vision was swept
onwards…

        - Liber Malefic. The Book of Chaos Foreseen, Marius Hollseher
%
The sword of the Knight of
Chaos was placed upon the
anvil, and the smith rained
many mighty blows upon it,
and yet no mark did show
upon the blade. It was thrust
into the heart of the furnace,
and when it was brought
forth, the smith did not smite
the blade once more with all
the skill of his craft, now
upon the edge, and still no
mark did show upon the blade.
My scribe did chance to prick
himself upon his small knife,
and but a single drop of blood
fell on the anvil, onto the
cursed blade that lay there. At
this a great rune shone forth,
redder than the heart’s blood,
and darker than night. The
evil sword did pulse and sing
upon the anvil, and all fled in
fear of the dire thing.
%
The Tree of Souls

I walked across Khorne’s Meadows, beneath the brazen sky. All about were
fields of black flowers, each a shade trapped in death, each bloom a twisted
face, each leaf a tiny skull, each stem a spine of tiny bones. Crimson-flecked
flies sucked at the bloody nectar in the corrupt fields, and the air was filled
with a stench of despair. The blooms of death nodded at my passing and
whispered to one another. At my feet crimson worms and maggots gorged
themselves on the lifeblood of Khorne’s fallen. The distant shrieks of Daemons,
cavorting and dancing around their borders and gardens of blood, reached
my ears, blown across that dark meadow by a breeze made sweet with the smell
of rotting meat.

And then I came to the Tree of Damned Shades.

Living souls had hung upon its branches and living souls had been buried
among its roots long ago, in the winter of that bloody land. Twisted with pain
and self-loathing, warped with loyalty to Chaos, the shades, now condemned
for eternity and piteous in their grieving, gibbered regrets and fears and promises
of gratitude from every branch and twig, save one whose defiant eye I met.
I paused in the glare of that eye, and waited a while. The tree spoke in a voice
of creaking and tearing wood, as if a thousand axes struck at its heartwood.

“By my broken faith, and darkened promises, a mortal walks here. For all
those mortals who have tasted my fruits and drunk of my sweet blossoms, I
will taste his nectar, drink of his blood. For once my roots eat of his flesh,
he is mine, and what was his is mine. A body… A body… I will be free of
this confinement. My loyalty true and clear, I will slay in Khorne’s name. Blood
beyond measure will I give to him. Oh, to be free of this wooden frame, that
I could once more march to the beat of my heart…”

The tree lashed its branches about me, and I fled, for my fate lay not with
those trapped and hideous souls…

                        - Liber Malefic, The Book of Hated Khorne, Marius Hollseher
%
The Vale of Creatures

The Realm of Slaanesh was still and quiet, scented with sin and
sweet corruption. Its silence was not that of the grave, nor of ease
at labour’s end, nor of peace after the storm. It was the malicious,
plotting stillness of evil waiting to be done: the silence before a
moan or scream of pain and pleasure. And in that awful quiet
the small shrieks of Slaanesh’s Daemons were swallowed and
muted. Their endless masque and antimasque of forbidden
pleasures and hideous pains were reduced to soft murmurs of
decadence and depravity.

As I passed over the Outer Realm of Slaanesh, my eyes were
numbed by its pale softness and my ears by its endless quiet. I
began to believe that any act could be contemplated if only it would
provide variety and relief from the silence. I was saved from further
weakness by a vile noise, carried on the perfumed and sickly breeze.

Torn from the rocks and stones, there was a buzzing like a hundred
angry swarms of bees. Before my eyes land itself heaved and
pulsed, and spat forth mewling, puking and misshapen creatures.
Lumpen and hideous, the monsters twisted and writhed in pleasure
at their birthing, then turned upon one another in search of further
depravity. When one fell, exhausted from its unlovely exertions,
its fellows chortled and joked as its fate. The corpse sank slowly
into the earth of that foul vale, and a new beast was given form
from the clay.

As I witnessed the decadence of Slaanesh’s hand, I was seen by
the creatures. As those eyes beheld me, I turned and fled, the
fiends of Slaanesh’s Realm at my heels…

 - Liber Malefic, The Book of Contemptible Slaanesh, Marius Hollseher
%
Their baying chills the heart and spreads icy
tendrils of fear through weak mortal sols.
And yet worse, yet more terrible to behold, are
the huntsmen of this fell pack. Following
close upon the Hounds, urging them ever
forward, come deformed beings, running and
shrieking, shrieking and running, driven by
the stateless bloodlust of their kind. With
twisted crimson frames they speed across the
blighted land, crouched over as if the better to
track the terror-spoor of their prey. Masters of
the Hunt, they seek the blood of Man to offer
at the foot of the Skull Throne, ever hungry
for fresh prey, ever willing to tear the warm
red flesh with their talons and to smear the
gore triumphant upon their curving horns.
%
